# 27 Term Report

- **A summary of the recruiting process for the period**

🎉 Reaching out to old members on Joystream DAO who have their earnings below the $10,000 threshold for the founding member program.

- **Opening message that was sent discord member**

🎉 Hi there,

       Greetings

       How is it going?

       Codefikeyz here, from JOYSTREAM Marketing Working Group.
Hope this text finds you well🙂
I was hoping if you'd like to become a founding member in the Joystream DAO project. We are launching mainnet soon and only Founding members will get to cashout their $JOY earnings.
Currently the threshold to become to become a founding member is $10,000 in $JOY earnings.🙂 Unfortunately, you  are currently below that, but we have a plan to get everyone along before Mainnet by earning more $JOY these few days left in  other to become a founding member.
We have an open position in Content Curators Working Group that you could apply for and earn more $JOY so you attain the founding member status at $10,000
How does this sound?🙂
Should we get on with this? So you proceed to apply for this position 👌

- **Number of users engaging over DMs**

🎉 10 members so far.

iDrono#4688

label73#4872 ✅ (Has Applied for the Content Curator Position)

Ra_99999#0447 ✅ (Has Applied for the Content Curator Position)

landeros#9587

ogpetya#6109

ArsonQUE#3193

Zoomer_sevntu#4109

Fomoiks#0624

AnastasiiaHurina#5347

2TheMoon ッ#3371

---

Here you can add only about recruits, found in previous terms.

- **Perform a status update for all users recruited, by an entry in the `CRM`
in previous periods**: **([Here](../../CRM%20Entries%203ac5a164504540c8a7169894de6835da.md) you can find people who were added in CRM in previous terms)**

1. **How many were assigned a bounty, and how many completed it?**

🎉

1. **How many has had a role?**

🎉

1. **What are the biggest success stories, and what can we learn from that?**

🎉

---

### Please tell us what recruits said when they listened that Joystream is recruiting them for founding member program and they will get paid in $JOY tokens because this is DAO. (share screenshots of these responses so we can understand actual thoughts of people as it is (it is for our case study to improve ourselves):

🎉