# Council Term 29 Plan

- Dates: 12 Feb 2024 → 27 Feb 2024
- Council Term: 29
- Start block: 6,177,628
- End block: 6,393,629

## 1. Composition

- dmtrmltsv, 29%
- leet_joy, 25%
- 0x2bc, 19%

Election results: [https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/council/past-councils/0000000t](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/council/past-councils/0000000t) 

## 2. Previous Council's Recommendations

- Optimize CWG operations and scope
- Consider the progressing consolidation of the SWG and DWG discussions.
- Continue the focus on resource allocation in the DAO.
- Follow up on the HR scope and personnel reduction
- Decide how to progress with the Nara upgrade

## 3. Previous Council's Report Feedback

[From the Term Report of the previous council](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/849), we can draw several conclusions and they are as follows.

The overall Pioneer report contains precise data and is well-considered, though some minor issues were found:

- The report was delayed.
- Some data is hard to read due to major issues with markup, such as the issue in the 4th paragraph.
- Some data is missing in the report, like Charts 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, and 7.4.
- Some data is not accurate: In the 28th term, $JOY was reported to be listed on 2 additional exchanges, including Biconomy. However, the JOY token has not yet been listed on the exchange due to technical issues.

Feedback on actions suggested by previous council

- Agreed: CWGL position will be advertised on external portals
- Agreed: Consolidation of DWG and SWG will be attempted to get finalised, ownership of creating and executing this plan will be defined.
- Agreed: operational optimisation of working groups will be done with impact on headcount and responsibilities, in scope: CWG, HRWG, MWG, BWG
- Agreed: Resource allocation will be modelled with the budget tool to test various scenarios and assumptions. Split pay of EMA30 (DEMA), Spot JOY and Vested JOY will be evaluated.

## 4**. Tasks & OKRs**

### Council tasks

- **Optimize resources across Tech and Non-tech WGs,** including:
    - **DWG/SWG Merger**: To finalize a plan for the SWG and DWG merger. To open an Infrastructure Lead position to assess if we can attract the necessary talent and the cost involved.
    - **HRWG**: Deprecate the roles of HR coordinators entirely.  Support HR in advertising all open positions on external job boards
    - **CWG Team Revamp**: Streamline CWG operations.  Deprecate the workstream of reviewing all manually published videos.
    - **BWG**: Review budgets versus roadmap items and optimize as necessary.
    - **MWG Reinforcement**: Support MWG in locking down Q1 strategy and budgets, and assist in strengthening the position to execute the marketing strategy.
- **Budgeting:**
    - Create a budgeting tool that helps model different scenarios over Q1.
    - Open the position of treasurer for someone with a finance background to manage assets in custody, and explore yield-bearing portfolio options, and market-making operations.
- **OKRs Adoption**: Assist with OKRs refinement, tooling, and tracking.

### Builders WG

- **Implement the Council's proposed reorganisation model for the WG.**
- Quickly fix the Nara release issue and submit the Nara proposal once the fix is ready and tested
- Deliver WalletConnect support on both Atlas (Gleev) and Pioneer
- Deliver Validators dashboard
- Stop any Pioneer development outside of Validators shipment
- Continue work on Luxor runtime upgrade
- Scope out Community Bridge work to aid in Council term 30 planning and WG headcount review
- Fix the Colossus issues that causes many failed object upload errors

### Distribution WG

- **Implement the Council's proposed reorganization model for the WG.**
- Contribute to DWG + SWG merge plan
- No other work outside of the merger required

### Storage WG

- **Implement the Council's proposed reorganization model for the WG.**
- Develop a detailed plan for the DWG + SWG merge, which will include:
    - Identifying the geographies based on the sessions registered by the distributor.
    - Reducing the total headcount of DWG and SWG by having most operators run both nodes
    - Exploring further reduction of the replication factor, subject to an acceptable level of data object loss
    - Exploring a deep-freeze layer for storage.
    - Relocating the servers to clusters closer to the geographies with the highest sessions, as well as optimizing locations within current geographies (taking the lead on this but in collaboration with Mr. Bovo)
    - Noting that most of the sessions we have are coming to the homepage and scrolling a few pages down, so distributor nodes mostly have it cached. This should be taken into consideration when choosing the requirements for the storage machines. Review if we actually need the fast and expensive machines. Incorporate to cost cutting plan.

*REMARK: the entire plan execution is attainable within the current term but detailed timeline and cost impact on overall infra is expected to be presented by SWG by the end of this term.*

### Marketing WG

- **Implement the Council's proposed reorganisation model for the WG.**
- Manage ongoing tasks within the Lead's scope of responsibility.
- Market-making: provide 7k USD liquidity via Hummingbot according to the terms specified by the Council - help council with liquidity provision task and implementaion of Liquidity Process
- Implement of tracking of marketing efficiency
- Come up with a campaign calendar for each marketing channel
- Come up with new roles in the group, detailing their titles, duties, and salaries.

**Tasks to drop**

- Releasing workers who work on Direct outreach and refocussing effort to direct outreach entities/ companies (as opposed to YT creators interested in YPP).

### Human Resources WG

- **Implement the Council's proposed reorganisation model for the WG.**
- Manage ongoing tasks within the Lead's scope of responsibility.
- Weekly roundups compilation and publishing in relevant channels
- Post all current openings to remote and Web3 specific job boards
- Deprecate roles of HR coordinator
- Update comp for Membership and Forum Managers
- Introduce new role of Discord Admin

**Forum worker (part of HRWG)**

- Create needed new categories/subcategories on the forum
- Archive inactive, closed, or concluded threads

**Membership worker  (part of HRWG)**

- Keep faucet replenished
- Monitor faucet use

**Tasks to drop for the group**

- Assessment forms for leads and council
- NPS tracking from creators, this should be courtesy of content WG
- EMA30 tracking, this should be automated

### Content WG

- **Implement the Council's proposed reorganisation model for the WG.**
- Manage ongoing tasks within the Lead's scope of responsibility
- Hire Richard as a Deputy, delegate representation of the working groups in the meetings
- Adjust the hours and compensation spent on reviewing YPP signups.
- Plans and executes campaigns aimed at increasing the engagement of creators (Discord group invites, info emails, unique content rewards etc)
- Works with HR on "running creator community"
- Support of email requests
- Support of GitHub tickets
- Perform reactive video curation, based on reported violations and perform pro-active review limited to a few man hours per day by deputy utilizing the newly built tool from JSG
- Channel scoring needs to be re-done in accordance to the revised weights with the help of Zeeshan. All new diamond, gold, and silver channels should get their channels updated along with YPP verifications not later than 48 hrs from assigning the YPP tier to the channel. Lead is responsible for updating weights.

**Tasks to drop for the group**

- Pro-active review of all videos published

## **5. Budget**

EMA30 price: **0.026**

**Council budget**

| Item | JOY | USD-EMA30 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Start budget | 12,680,464 | 329,692 |
| Spending (planned) | 1,409,615 | 36,650 |
| Refill (planned) | 2,500,500 | 65,013 |
| End budget (planned) | 13,771,349 | 358,055 |

Start USDT treasury:  46,479.98 USDT

### **Inflation**

- Planned inflation for the term: **0.184%**
- Projected inflation this year: **4.910%**

(if all remaining periods had same issuance as the current one)

| Term | Minted, MJOY | Inflation |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0.453 | 0.045% |
| 2 | 0.909 | 0.091% |
| 3 | 3.056 | 0.306% |
| 4 | 1.274 | 0.127% |
| 5 | 1.414 | 0.141% |
| 6 | 1.822 | 0.182% |
| 7 | 1.491 | 0.149% |
| 8 | 1.451 | 0.145% |
| 9 | 1.666 | 0.167% |
| 10 | 1.329 | 0.133% |
| 11 | 1.313 | 0.131% |
| 12 | 2.087 | 0.209% |
| 13 | 2.013 | 0.201% |
| 14 | 1.575 | 0.158% |
| 15 | 1.834 | 0.183% |
| 16 | 2.157 | 0.216% |
| 17 | 1.677 | 0.168% |
| 18 | 1.761 | 0.176% |
| 19 | 1.642 | 0.164% |
| 20 | 1.648 | 0.165% |
| 21 | 1.744 | 0.174% |
| 22 | 2.477 | 0.248% |
| 23 | 2.517 | 0.252% |
| 24 | 1.666 | 0.167% |
| 25 | 1.776 | 0.178% |
| 26 | 1.476 | 0.148% |
| 27 | 1.460 | 0.146% |
| 28 | 1.576 | 0.158% |
| 29 | 1.839 | 0.184% |
| **Total** | **49.103** | **4.910%** |

### **Overall**

EMA30 = 0.026

**Table 5.1. Overall budget**

| **Table 5.1. Overall budget** |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Item** | **Spending (planned), JOY** | **Spending (planned), USD-EMA30** |
| Council rewards | 250,000 | 6,500 |
| WG spending, incl: | 1,250,459 | 32,512 |
| *- WG spending, All except LP, token burn and faucet refill* | 1,100,459 | 28,612 |
| *- WG spending, LP** | 0 | 0 |
| *- WG spending, Token burn* | 0 | 0 |
| *- WG spending, Faucet refill* | 150,000 | 3,900 |
| Funding proposals | 9,615 | 250 |
| Creator payout rewards | 0 | 0 |
| Validator rewards | 562,000 | 14,612 |
| **Term issuance, Gross** | 2,072,074 | 53,874 |
| Fees and commissions | -233,000 | -6,058 |
| **Term issuance, Net** | 1,839,074 | 47,816 |

### **Working groups**

**Table 5.2. Working groups, JOY budget**

| **Working group** | **Start budget, JOY** | **Total refill (planned), JOY** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** | **End budget (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Builders | 0 | 370,000 | 365,729 | 4,271 |
| Storage | 38,619 | 175,000 | 208,450 | 5,169 |
| Distribution | 8,911 | 90,000 | 92,601 | 6,311 |
| Forum | 1,016 | 0 | 0 | 1,016 |
| Apps | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Content | 557 | 105,000 | 102,961 | 2,596 |
| HR | 4,626 | 105,000 | 104,159 | 5,467 |
| Membership | 5,315 | 150,000 | 150,000 | 5,315 |
| *- Membership, All except  Faucet refill* |  |  | 0 |  |
| *- Membership, Faucet refill* |  |  | 150,000 |  |
| Marketing | 81,037 | 155,000 | 226,560 | 9,477 |
| **Total** | 140,081 | 1,150,000 | 1,250,459 | 39,622 |

**Table 5.3. Working groups, USD-EMA30 budget**

| **Working group** | **Start budget, USD-EMA30** | **Total refill (planned), USD-EMA30** | **Total spending (planned), USD-EMA30** | **End budget (planned), USD-EMA30** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Builders | 0 | 9,620 | 9,509 | 111 |
| Storage | 1,004 | 4,550 | 5,420 | 134 |
| Distribution | 232 | 2,340 | 2,408 | 164 |
| Forum | 26 | 0 | 0 | 26 |
| Apps | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Content | 14 | 2,730 | 2,677 | 68 |
| HR | 120 | 2,730 | 2,708 | 142 |
| Membership | 138 | 3,900 | 3,900 | 138 |
| *- Membership, All except  Faucet refill* |  |  | 0 |  |
| *- Membership, Faucet refill* |  |  | 3,900 |  |
| Marketing | 2,107 | 4,030 | 5,891 | 246 |
| **Total** | 3,642 | 29,900 | 32,512 | 1,030 |

# Appendix

Feedback on actions suggested by previous council

- Agreed: CWGL position will be advertised on external portals
- Agreed: Consolidation of DWG and SWG will be attempted to get finalised, ownership of creating and executing this plan will be defined.
- Agreed: operational optimisation of working groups will be done with impact on headcount and responsibilities, in scope: CWG, HRWG, MWG, BWG
- Agreed: Resource allocation will be modelled with the budget tool to test various scenarios and assumptions. Split pay of EMA30 (DEMA), Spot JOY and Vested JOY will be evaluated.

## **4. Goals and Tasks for Current Term**

High-level goals and issues that should be addressed within this term's scope

- Optimise budgeting
- Drive adoption of OKRs
- Streamline operations
- Agree on strategic marketing plan and budget to drive growth

**Task list**

Low-level tasks that should be addressed within this term's scope

| **#** | **Task** | **Description** | **Status** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | DWG/ SWG merger | Help finalise merger of SWG and DWG. Ensure lead is chosen and reward is agreed | Concluded to be suboptimal for this term. Plan for current and following terms agreed. |
| 2 | CWG team revamp | Streamline CWG ops | Completed for this term |
| 3 | MWG reinforcement | Support MWG in locking down Q1 strategy and budgets and support in strengthening the position to execute on the marketing strategy | In progress |
| 4 | BWG | Review budgets vs roadmap items and optimise as necessary | Completed for this term. New meeting will be held once every 2 weeks on Thursday.  |
| 5 | HR | Support HR in advertising all open positions in the external job boards | In progress. |
| 6 | OKRs adoption | Help with OKRs tooling and tracking, aid to refinement as necessary. | Not started |
| 7 | Resource allocation | Create budgeting tool that helps model different scenarios over Q1 | In progress. [MVP is done](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13VX8hEDEefbusWokim0M2_ub3msj1D4HoDLi1ZiBoBY/edit#gid=725499126).  |
| 8 | Resource allocation | Open position of the treasurer for someone with financing background to manage assets in custody and explore yield bearing portfolio option and market making ops | In progress. |