# Council Term 16 Plan

- Start: `3369615`

`0x0437df96c9042e26d54acff9a2c0319e7464c5a04227343692cf3b5304e24885`

## 1. Composition

- leet_joy, 37%
- 0x2bc, 12%
- l1dev, 12%

[election result](https://pioneer.joystreamstats.live/#/election/past-elections/0000000g)

## 2. Previous Council's Recommendations

**JOY issuance**

- Reduce unnecessary spendings
- Work on re-balancing council spending across various working groups.

**Marketing**

- Ensure adequate funding for marketing activities. Increase budget if needed.
- Improve JOY markets. Make sure Joystream fulfills the requirements for listing on better exchanges.
- Implement the [Ambassador Program](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/469). (analyze community input, propose optimal model).
- Improve usage of content generated by the community.
- Increase Joystream presence on web3 platforms.

**Infrastructure**

- Compensation plan. Finalise
- Storage infra scaling. How it should be scaled for increased demand?
- DWG new plan
- Ensure that the DWG/SWG has all the necessary resources to cover server costs and make progress in CDN improvements.

**OKRs**

- Work on Q3 OKRs integration DAO-wise

**Roadmap**

- Develop DAO roadmap - set realistic goals

## 3. Previous Council's Report Feedback

From the Term Report of the previous council, we can draw several conclusions and they are as follows:

1. Overall, the report is satisfactory and well-compiled.
2. The handover session played a crucial role in addressing the issues mentioned in the report.

## 4. Objectives and Key Results

### Council tasks

**OKR & WG performance**

- Report on Q2 OKRs achievement
- One more iteration on Compensation plan (for reference see [this](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/439) and [this](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/440) proposals)
- BWG tasks procedure development (for reference [see this](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/441))
- Review WG plans, reports, communicate new tasks and follow-up, remind if necessary
- Make sure Q3 OKRs are implemented in WG plans   (for reference  [](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/441)[see this](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/410))
- Come up with ideas how to mitigate Council Treasury risk

**Recruiting**

- Hire DWG Lead

**Others**

- YPP adoption: The number of bew YPP participants per term should increase by 10%
- Assist on developing Storage scaling strategy

### AWG

- [Organize workshops](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/300): write documentation on existing tools as base for future workshops held by HR+ /   *[PR to improve documentation](https://github.com/Joystream/orion/pull/152).*
    - Conduct a training session about Gateways (*can be turned into a bounty)*
    - Suggest a reward model to attract and motivate long-term operators.
- [CR documentation](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo): create Apps page to attract developers, summarize / reference GH issues
- Publish a strategy to increase the adoption and profitability of existing Apps.
    - DAO-wide YPP: test deploy YPP backend, develop reward scheme
- Justify the necessity of Deputy position: remove it if there is no need anymore.

### BWG

**top priority**

- Validator Page ([Validator Page Dev](https://github.com/Joystream/pioneer/issues/4321)) - push to production

**other priority**

- Discord Role Bot - submit PR
- Calamar Explorer Update -  submit PR
- DappLooker dashboard - keep maintaining

### CWG

- Collect best performing channels and submit Creator Payouts proposal.
- The main work of curating videos, channels and metadata (resources) in [Gleev](https://gleev.xyz/) and [l1.media](https://l1.media/)
- All non yt-synch channels are reviewed for Reward Content Policy by curators in more than 48 hours after first video is published [objectives score [OKR](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMaVGcaY=/)]

### DWG

**top priority**

- Update DWG priority list
- Assess request flow for playing videos, identify latency points
- Pay DP workers bonus to cover their server cost (each term 1/2 of monthly cost)

**other priority**

- Migrate all operators to deploy distributor node with docker, using latest published images: allowing easy migration to newer versions, or rolling-back as necessary. Update relevant guides in notion.
- Update query-node instances to also use latest image, (mind the major db version change) - for better performance Postgres14 + node version 18.
- Update query.joystream.org QN with metrics to assess general QN issues
- Deploy new versions of distributor node and storage nodes with open-telemetry metrics once PR is merged.
- Add OS metrics for distributor nodes to monitoring dashboard.(MetricsBeat)
- Start work on adding prometheus metrics to DP/SP nodes to addd to monitoring capability.
- Work with Atlas team to deploy new monitoring/stats/logging once ready.
- Write/Update cli tool to fetch assets - use Gleev code, query and fetch mechanism.
- Write/Update cli tool to bench QN (use ‘slow’ queries)

### FWG

- Review pre-proposal threads, remind participants and archive if necessary
- Reward best forum thread for the term
- Post 1 community guide on Forum

### MWG

**top priority**

- Focus on support of JOY value incl. marketing and growth of key product metrics
- Ensure adequate funding for marketing activities.
- Ensure progress towards listing on better exchanges.
- Research on existing Ambassador Programs.
- Develop Ambassador Program and submit a detailed model in pre-proposal thread.
- Outreach to content creators on YouTube. Initiate contacts, and negotiate terms.
- Creator Partnership CRM evaluation of submitted channels.

**other priority**

- Joystream token listing on the additional exchange, schedule necessary calls and ensure we progress towards additional markets for JOY.
- Increase Joystream presence on web3 platforms.
- Reach top Validators team and communicate to them Joystream validating opportunities
- Organize at least 3 posts for KOLs about Joystream with a total coverage of at least 10000 views.
- Promote community Twitter Spaces and Discord events outside of Joystream.

### SWG

- Develop Storage scaling strategy
- Pay SP bonus for transit to higher capacity servers
- Pay SP workers bonus to cover their server cost (each term 1/2 of monthly cost)
- Maintain a replication rate of 4
- Maintain failed upload rate < 5%, investigate and report on failed uploads

### HR

- Moderate DAO-Daily Standup
- Assess the weekly quiz and remove this activity if the outcome is unsatisfactory.
- Research and implement different approaches to improve community engagement.
- Moderate Discord server
- Engagements and meetings: organize, moderate, provide meeting notes if necessary. Follow up on action items.
- Recruit candidates based on Lead requests

### Memberships WG

- Keep constant monitoring of the faucet address(es). If we get a large rise in user signups then this needs to be refilled more regularly.
- Keep monitoring of usage of the invitation feature, as this impacts the WG’s budget.
- Ensure the Membership WG budget does not reach 0 as this prevents people from being able to use the invitation feature.

## 5. Budget

- Starting Council budget: `56 517 180,16`
- Spending from Council budget (planned): `2 145 735,07`
- Refill of Council budget (planned): `750 000,00`
- Ending Council budget (planned): `55 121 445,09`

**Inflation**

- Planned inflation for the term: `0.22%`
- Projected inflation this year**:  `4.2%`

** if all remaining periods had same issuance as the current one.

| Term | Minted, MJOY | Inflation |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 2 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 3 | 3.035 | 0.30% |
| 4 | 1.284 | 0.13% |
| 5 | 1.344 | 0.13% |
| 6 | 1.847 | 0.18% |
| 7 | 1.541 | 0.15% |
| 8 | 0.882 | 0.09% |
| 9 | 1.839 | 0.18% |
| 10 | 1.472 | 0.15% |
| 11 | 1.85 | 0.19% |
| 12 | 1.46 | 0.18% |
| 13 | 2.28 | 0.22% |
| 14 | 2.5 | 0.25% |
| 15 | 1.43 | 0.14% |
| 16 | 2.15 | 0.22% |
| **Total** | **25,36** | **2.54%** |

### **Overall**

**Table 5.1. Overall budget**

| **Item** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- |
| Council rewards | 250 560,00 |
| WG refilled | 1 445 175,07 |
| Funding proposals | 0,00 |
| Creator payout rewards | 0,00 |
| Validator rewards | 450 000,00 |
|  **Total** | **2 145 735,07** |

### **Working groups**

**Table 5.2. Working groups**

| **Working group** | **Starting budget, JOY** | **Total refilled (planned), JOY** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** | **End budget (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Builders | 13 638,05 | 140 000,00 | 117 557,72 | 36 080,33 |
| Storage | 67 337,21 | 350 000,00 | 407 196,33 | 10 140,88 |
| Distribution | 0 | 400 000,00 | 397 943,96 | 2 056,04 |
| Forum | 846,79 | 15 520,00 | 15 930,50 | 436,29 |
| Apps | 156 551,20 | 0 | 76 839,95 | 79 711,25 |
| Content | 22 149,92 | 90 000,00 | 111 617,51 | 532,41 |
| HR | 9 408,48 | 91 539 | 88 089,10 | 12 858,39 |
| Membership | 3 154,82 | 20000 | 20 000,00 | 3 154,81 |
| Marketing | 16 607,27 | 200 000,00 | 210 000,00 | 6 607,27 |
| **Total** | **289 693,74** | **1 307 059,00** | **1  445 175,07** | **151 577,67** |

**Comment on SP and DP budgets**

Storage budget includes:

- 15k bonus to all workers who transit to new servers
- Up to 150 USD compensation of the server cost per worker (each term 1/2 of monthly cost)

Distribution budget includes:

- Up to 100 USD compensation of the server cost per worker (each term 1/2 of monthly cost)