# Council Term 15 Plan

- Start: `3153614`

`0x17b6c120420d1754757b197b7bbb8cef1b9243008fca333118339b12c048ebe3`

## 1. Composition

- 0x2bc
- l1dev
- leet_joy

## 2. Previous Council's Recommendations

**JOY issuance**

- Reduce unnecessary spendings.
- Work on re-balancing council spending across various working groups.

**Marketing**

- Ensure adequate funding for marketing activities. Increase budget if needed.
- Improve JOY markets. Make sure Joystream fulfills the requirements for listing on better exchanges.
- Implement the [Ambassador Program](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/469). (analyze community input, propose optimal model).
- Research on Kusama ecosystem, review proposal [Kusama parachain auction](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/473).
- Improve usage of content generated by the community.
- Increase Joystream presence on web3 platforms.

**Infrastructure**

- Compensation plan
- Make sure the SP/DP infrastructure works sustainably
- Ensure that the DWG/SWG has all the necessary resources to cover server costs and make progress in CDN improvements.
- Collaborate with the Subsquid team and actively participate in the Subsquid private testnet.

**OKRs**

- Evaluate Q2 OKRs
- Finalize and approve Q3 OKRs
- Work on OKRs integration DAO-wise

**Roadmap**

- Develop DAO roadmap

## 3. Previous Council's Report Feedback

From the Term Report of the previous council, we can draw several conclusions and they are as follows:

1. Overall, the report is satisfactory and well-compiled.
2. The handover session played a crucial role in addressing the issues mentioned in the report.

## 4. Objectives and Key Results

### Council tasks

**OKR & WG performance**

- Final assessment of Q2 OKRs achievement
- Approve Q3 OKRs
- Approve DAO roadmap
- Define [OKR life cycle](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/189)
- Review WG plans, reports, communicate new tasks and follow-up, remind if necessary.

**Maintain Network Security**

- Collect new volunteer SP/DP Validating nodes stashes and ask community to stake to these nodes
- YPP adoption: The number of bew YPP participants per term should increase by 10%

**Recruiting**

- Hire Membership Lead
- Hire Council Secretary

### AWG

- Publish a strategy to increase the adoption and profitability of existing Apps.
    - DAO-wide YPP: test deploy YPP backend, develop reward scheme
    - Joyspace DAO Gateway: Carry out logo competition (@codefi)
- Publish a realistic development roadmap to attract new audiences (topics, devices).
    - Publish weekly bounty updates to the wider community.
    - Regularly add more development bounties.
    - Formalize the application, oracle selection, review and payment process.
- [CR documentation](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo): create Apps page to attract developers, summarize / reference GH issues
- Storage SDK API: [continue research](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/47?post=3960) with SWG/DWG leads to clarify specifications
- [Organize workshops](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/300): write documentation on existing tools as base for future workshops held by HR+ /   *[PR to improve documentation](https://github.com/Joystream/orion/pull/152).*
    - Conduct a training session about Gateways (*can be turned into a bounty)*
    - Suggest a reward model to attract and motivate long-term operators.

### BWG

**top priority**

- Validator Page ([Validator Page Dev](https://github.com/Joystream/pioneer/issues/4321)) - push to production

**other priority**

- Discord Role Bot - submit PR
- Calamar Explorer Update -  submit PR
- Pioneer Backend MVP ([Email Notifications](https://github.com/Joystream/pioneer/issues/4230)) - submit PR
- DappLooker dashboard - keep maintaining

### CWG

- Collect best performing channels and submit Creator Payouts proposal.
- The main work of curating videos, channels and metadata (resources) in [Gleev](https://gleev.xyz/) and [l1.media](https://l1.media/)
- All non yt-synch channels are reviewed for Reward Content Policy by curators in more than 48 hours after first video is published [objectives score [OKR](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMaVGcaY=/)]

### DWG

- Migrate all operators to deploy distributor node with docker, using latest published images: allowing easy migration to newer versions, or rolling-back as necessary. Update relevant guides in notion.
- Update query-node instances to also use latest image, (mind the major db version change) - for better performance Postgres14 + node version 18.
- Update query.joystream.org QN with metrics to assess general QN issues
- Assess request flow for playing videos, identify latency points and implement solution.
- Deploy new versions of distributor node and storage nodes with open-telemetry metrics once PR is merged.
- Add OS metrics for distributor nodes to monitoring dashboard.(MetricsBeat)
- Start work on adding prometheus metrics to DP/SP nodes to addd to monitoring capability.
- Work with Atlas team to deploy new monitoring/stats/logging once ready.
- Write/Update cli tool to fetch assets - use Gleev code, query and fetch mechanism.
- Write/Update cli tool to bench QN (use ‘slow’ queries)

### FWG

- Review pre-proposal threads, remind participants and archive if necessary
- Reward best forum thread for the term
- Post 1 community guide on Forum

### MWG

**top priority**

- Focus on support of JOY value incl. marketing and growth of key product metrics
- Ensure adequate funding for marketing activities.
- Ensure progress towards listing on better exchanges.
- Research on existing Ambassador Programs.
- Develop Ambassador Program and submit a detailed model in pre-proposal thread.
- Outreach to content creators on YouTube. Initiate contacts, send js review google forms.

**other priority**

- Joystream token listing on the additional exchange, schedule necessary calls and ensure we progress towards additional markets for JOY.
- Increase Joystream presence on web3 platforms. (farcaster, bluesky, bitcointalk.org)
- Reach top Validators team and communicate to them Joystream validating opportunities
- Organize at least 3 posts for KOLs about Joystream with a total coverage of at least 10000 views.
- Promote community Twitter Spaces and Discord events outside of Joystream.
- Improve usage of content generated by the community.

### SWG

- Maintain a replication rate of 4
- Maintain failed upload rate < 5%, investigate and report on failed uploads
- Publish validator addresses of all workers [on the forum](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/category/50) for nomination to increase network security.
- Collaborate with the Subsquid team and actively participate in the Subsquid private testnet.

### HR

- Research on other communities Discord servers structure, initiate necessary discussions and submit a proposal with list of channels that would be seen to Joystream newcomer.
- Research on verification procedures done by other Discord communitites, initiate necessary discussions and submit proposal with good solution to Discord Captcha bot.
- Moderate Discord server efficiently based on Server Rules
    - (1) Make sure that there HR workers check all the channels every 4 hours to delete spam posts.
    - (2) Advise HR workers to check both Discord and TG at the beginning and end of their work
    - (3) Timely announcements and warnings will be done
- Continue work on Engagements and Documentation
    - (1) Schedule the engagements and workshops
    - (2) Make sure the speakers and agenda are ready a day before the workshop/engagement
    - (3) Document them and publish them in a timely manner
- Coordination with the leads regarding recruitment and governance matters
    - (1) Coordinate with the leads with the positions they need
    - (2) Make appealing post of the vacancies in the DAO and spread in outside Joystream as well
    - (3) Collect applicants, conduct an initial interview if necessary, and pass to the leads

### Memberships WG

- Keep constant monitoring of the faucet address(es). If we get a large rise in user signups then this needs to be refilled more regularly.
- Keep monitoring of usage of the invitation feature, as this impacts the WG’s budget.
- Ensure the Membership WG budget does not reach 0 as this prevents people from being able to use the invitation feature.

## 5. Budget

- Starting Council budget: `56 957 680,54`
- Spending from Council budget (planned): `1,430,560`
- Refill of Council budget (planned): `750,000`
- Ending Council budget (planned): `56,277,120`

**Inflation**

- Planned inflation for the term: `0.14%`
- Projected inflation this year**:  `3.56%`

** if all remaining periods had same issuance as the current one.

| Term | Minted, MJOY | Inflation |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 2 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 3 | 3.035 | 0.30% |
| 4 | 1.284 | 0.13% |
| 5 | 1.344 | 0.13% |
| 6 | 1.847 | 0.18% |
| 7 | 1.541 | 0.15% |
| 8 | 0.882 | 0.09% |
| 9 | 1.839 | 0.18% |
| 10 | 1.472 | 0.15% |
| 11 | 1.85 | 0.19% |
| 12 | 1.46 | 0.18% |
| 13 | 2.28 | 0.22% |
| 14 | 2.5 | 0.25% |
| 15 | 1.43 | 0.14% |
| **Total** | **22.8** | **2.28%** |

### **Overall**

**Table 5.1. Overall budget**

| **Item** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- |
| Council rewards | 250 560,00 |
| WG refilled | 830 000,00 |
| Funding proposals | 50 000,00 |
| Creator payout rewards | 0,00 |
| Validator rewards | 500 000,00 |
|  **Total** | 1 630 560,00 |

*Funding proposals - possibly payouts to high-value DAO contributors, Leads, workers, extra motivation to validators*

### **Working groups**

**Table 5.2. Working groups**

| **Working group** | **Starting budget, JOY** | **Total refilled (planned), JOY** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** | **End budget (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Builders | 13 595,77 | 200 000,00 |  205 557,72 | 8  038,05 |
| Storage | 54 533,54 | 80 000,00 | 125 194,97 | 9 338,57 |
| Distribution | 67 943,96 | 70 000,00 | 128 507,29 | 9 436,67 |
| Forum | 7 817,06 | 20 000,00 | 16 660,94 | 11 156,12 |
| Apps | 233 391,15 | 0,00 | 61 251,94 | 172 139,21 |
| Content | 34 067,43 | 80 000,00 | 107 932,57 | 6 134,86 |
| HR | 13 258,58 | 80 000,00 | 87 540,94 | 5 717,64 |
| Membership | 3 154,82 | 10 000,00 | 10 108,00 | 3 046,82 |
| Marketing | 51 384,64 | 290 000,00 | 331 346,62 | 10 038,02 |
| **Total** | 479 146,95 | 830 000,00 | 874 100,99 | 235 045,96 |