# Council Term 20 Plan

- Date: September 30,2023 → October 15, 2023
- Start: 4,233,619
- Hash: **`0xd8b710c1d754d01ddff896d281aa976c9631d21818d4e57cf7f5898cfe9bd2da`**

## 1. Composition

- chaos77  20%
- leet_joy  19%
- 0x2bc  17%

[election result](https://pioneer.joystreamstats.live/#/election/past-elections/0000000k)

## 2. Previous Council's Recommendations

- Research Tokenomics (calculate token burn)
    - It is recommended that a policy or agreement is reached for an upper inflation bound as this can inform what the budgets should be for other WGs
- Continue implementing EMA30 pricing into budgets and plans
    - An approval for this proposal was passed at the beginning of last term but should be more fully implemented and monitored as this will be the first term when it is in actual use
- Fill stablecoin treasury
- Finalize DAO budgeting/salary system
- SWG/DWG budget/salary and worker requirement
    - To date there is no approved compensation scheme for either WG which is leading to confusion
- MWG should prioritize exchange listing and ambassador program
- Test lead scoring system from HR
- Shut down Apps WG
    - During the last term there was one person on Discord who showed interest in signing up for the Apps WG to run a gateway/app but it is unclear how this progressed.
- Come up with a document or a guide for Safety Work Policies and/or perhaps work on JoystreamDAO Guidebook
- Review and implement Q4 OKRs; assess Q3 OKRs
- Ensure the timely delivery of the Weekly Summary

## 3. Previous Council's Report Feedback

From the Term Report of the previous council, we can draw several conclusions and they are as follows:

- All WG plans should be based on Q4 OKRs
- Token burn must be calculated correctly in order to analyze tokenomics with precision
- DWG isn’t performing very well due to high turnover rate of leads. 
The task of setting up metric measuring system should be accomplished asap.
- BWG salary should be paid with vesting (comp plan v2) this term and next tasks should be paid without vesting (comp plan v3)
- OTC deal was not carried out but treasury must be filled soon using whichever method

## 4. Objectives and Key Results

### Council tasks

- Research Tokenomics (calculate token burn)
- Refill stablecoin treasury
- Finalize DAO budgeting/salary system
- SWG/DWG budget/salary and worker requirement
- Q3 OKR results assessment

**OKR & WG performance**

| No | Objective | Key Result | Key Initiative during Term 20 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | **O-4-1 Improve Joystream as a Video Platform for Creators** | **KR-1.1 Decrease average "Time To First Byte" by 20% and increase "Streaming Bandwidth" by 20%** | DWG must come up with a method to measure these values |
| 2 |  | **KR-1.2 Reach 3k non-empty channels and 200k non-spam videos on Joystream by the end of Q4** | MWG initiative, YPP 2.0, CWG content reward |
| 3 |  | **KR-1.3 Video NFT total trading volume at the end of the 4th quarter is 1,000,000 JOY** | MWG initiative, YPP 2.0, CWG NFT reward |
| 4 |  | **KR-1.4 Achieve an NPS (Net Promoter Score) of 30% among content creators surveyed at the end of the quarter** |  |
| 5 |  | **KR-1.5 At least 100 Joystream-related review videos are posted on Youtube** | MWG initiative, ambassador program |
| 6 |  | **KR-1.6 Increase of 30% in total rewards distributed by CWG to content creators vs. the previous quarter** | MWG, CWG initiative |
| 7 |  | **KR-1.7 At least 5 community events or workshops are organized aimed at/for content creators during the quarter** |  |
| 8 | **O-4-2 Improve Joystream as a Blockchain Project** | **KR-2.1 Joystream is listed on at least 3 CEX** | treasury fill, MWG listing activity |
| 9 |  | **KR-2.2 Joystream is supported on at least 2 cold wallets** |  |
| 10 |  | **KR-2.3 At least 15% of Joystream total token supply is used in validator staking** | BWG validator module |
| 11 |  | **KR-2.4 Average block time is less than 6.1s** |  |
| 12 | **O-4-3 Improve Joystream DAO Governance** | **KR-3.1 80% of DAO workers are happy with governance and working conditions** | HR initiates WG scoring system, worker survey at end of term |
| 13 |  | **KR-3.2 Reach a 15% of Joystream total token supply usage on council voting** |  |
| 14 |  | **KR-3.3 Joystream has two more modules on Pioneer and another auxiliary dashboard to aid in governance** | BWG validator module |

### BWG

- Validator page
- Pioneer Responsive Development
- DAO council report + weekly report automation
- DAO traction dashboard
- Discord Tipping Bot
- Runtime Upgrade
- Pioneer Email Notification MVP Frontend
- Emoji Reactions for Posts & proposals
- Labeling system for Posts & Proposals
- Financial Page Design

### DWG

- Fetch values ****"Time To First Byte", "Streaming Bandwidth"
- Setup budget system and worker requirement
- Argus update

### SWG

- Maintain replication rate of 4
- Make sure the failed upload object ration is less than 5%
- Setup budget system and worker requirement
- Argus update

### MWG

- Hire more workers, evaluate upcoming spending for worker rewards and attach to lead report
- **Finalize Ambassador Program and submit a detailed proposal.**
- **Joystream token listing on the additional exchange, schedule necessary calls and ensure we progress towards additional markets for JOY.**
- Reach the top Validators team and communicate to them Joystream validating opportunities.
- YPP V2 referral program - prepare a marketing campaign to promote it.
- Marketing support for Infrastructure working groups - promote participation in SWG/DWG working groups.
- Lightpaper Translations - conduct translation for more languages.
- Outreach to web3 YouTube content creators - **keep scaling outreach efforts,** hire more workers.
- Promote Joystream NFT features to a wider community.
- Prepare new marketing campaigns to attract a wider audience of potential investors, content creators and builders.
- Organize at least 3 posts for KOLs about Joystream with total coverage of at least 10000 views.
- Promote community Twitter Spaces and Discord events outside of Joystream.

### HR

- Moderate DAO-Daily Standup and main governance meetings
- Weekly Summary
- Come up with an approved bounty process
- Coordinate with Tomato and moderate Discord server
- Engagements and meetings: organize, moderate, and provide meeting notes if necessary. Follow up on action items.
- Recruit candidates based on Lead requests
- Keep up-to-date and accurate daily record of  $JOY value for term
- WG Scoring

### CWG

- Curate videos, channels and metadata (resources) in [Gleev](https://gleev.xyz/) and [l1.media](https://l1.media/)
- All non yt-synch channels are reviewed for Reward Content Policy by curators in more than 48 hours after first video is published [objectives score [OKR](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMaVGcaY=/)]
- Working with CRP [[Content Rewards Policy](https://www.notion.so/Content-Rewards-Policy-f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a?pvs=21)]
- Promoting NFTs in Discord (curator of the day posts interesting NFT(s) in #creator channel)

### FWG

- Create needed new categories/ sub categories on the forum
- Review forum threads/posts and moderate if necessary
- Archive inactive, closed or concluded threads
- Transfer major announcements from Twitter to forum
- Write summary of pre-proposals with open questions for stale threads.

### Memberships WG

- Keep constant monitoring of the faucet address(es). If we get a large rise in user signups then this needs to be refilled more regularly.
- Keep monitoring of usage of the invitation feature, as this impacts the WG’s budget.
- Ensure the Membership WG budget does not reach 0 as this prevents people from being able to use the invitation feature.

## 5. Budget

EMA30 price at beginning of Term20:   **0.025**

- Starting Council budget: `28,960,709`
- Spending from Council budget (planned): 1,015,393
- Refill of Council budget (planned): `750,000`
- Ending Council budget (planned): 28,695,316

**Inflation**

- Planned inflation for the term: 0.18%
- Projected inflation this year:  3.96% 
(if all remaining periods had same issuance as the current one)

| Term | Minted, MJOY | Inflation |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 2 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 3 | 3.035 | 0.30% |
| 4 | 1.284 | 0.13% |
| 5 | 1.344 | 0.13% |
| 6 | 1.847 | 0.18% |
| 7 | 1.541 | 0.15% |
| 8 | 0.882 | 0.09% |
| 9 | 1.839 | 0.18% |
| 10 | 1.472 | 0.15% |
| 11 | 1.85 | 0.19% |
| 12 | 1.46 | 0.18% |
| 13 | 2.28 | 0.22% |
| 14 | 2.5 | 0.25% |
| 15 | 1.43 | 0.14% |
| 16 | 2.15 | 0.22% |
| 17 | 1.33 | 0.13% |
| 18 | 1.81 | 0.18% |
| 19 | 1.64 | 0.16% |
| 20 | 1.80 | 0.18% |
| **Total** | **32.5** | **3.25%** |

### **Overall**

**Table 5.1. Overall budget**

| **Item** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- |
| Council rewards | 250,000 |
| Planned total WG spending | 995,393 |
| Funding proposals | 0 |
| Creator payout rewards | 20,000 |
| Validator rewards | 537,000 |
| Total | 1,802,393 |

### **Working groups**

**Table 5.2. Working groups
The average daily value of JOY/USDT in Term 19: 0.025 as recorded [here](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/459?post=4609)**

| **Working group** | **Starting budget, JOY** | **Total refill (planned), JOY** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** | **End budget (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Builders | 14,558 | 120,000 | 130,700 | 3,858 |
| Storage | 0 | 191,954 | 191,954 | 0 |
| Distribution | 270,181 | 0 | 239,200 | 30,981 |
| Forum | 196 | 16,000 | 15,120 | 1,076 |
| Apps | 2,839 | 0 | 2,839 | 0 |
| Content | 16,377 | 115,000 | 125,930 | 5,447 |
| HR | 17,705 | 75,000 | 84,650 | 8,055 |
| Membership | 2,073 | 0 | 0 | 2,073 |
| Marketing | 58,583 | 150,000 | 205,000 | 3,583 |
| **Total** | 382,512 | 676,000 | 995,393 | 63,119 |