# Council Term 17 Plan

- Start: 3585616

0x1fbdb142d8e04f08ebe231d40ab568a2a056cdcc0c1e00f3bb25c69eae7fb011

## 1. Composition

- jen4ph, 25%
- swasilenko, 18%
- l1dev, 15%

[election result](https://pioneer.joystreamstats.live/#/election/past-elections/0000000h)

## 2. Previous Council's Recommendations

**Salaries**

- Revise all DAO salaries following JOY token price significant increase

**JOY issuance**

- Work on re-balancing council spending across various working groups.

**Marketing**

- Ensure adequate funding for marketing activities. Increase budget if needed.
- Improve JOY markets. Make sure Joystream fulfills the requirements for listing on better exchanges.
- Implement the [Ambassador Program](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/469). (analyze community input, propose optimal model).
- Improve usage of content generated by the community.
- Increase Joystream presence on web3 platforms.

**Infrastructure**

- Storage infra scaling: Approve and start implementing [https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/112?post=4418](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/112?post=4418)
- Clarify when Storage server comp program should be over: Set up clear rule
- DWG: develop and approve development strategy, comp plan

**OKRs**

- Work on Q3 OKRs integration DAO-wise

**Roadmap**

- Work with Tomato - DAO roadmap

**HR**

- Implement newcomers survey program
- Organize Weekly Summary process

## 3. Previous Council's Report Feedback

From the Term Report of the previous council, we can draw several conclusions and they are as follows:

1. Overall, the report is satisfactory and well-compiled.
2. The handover session played a crucial role in addressing the issues mentioned in the report.

## 4. Objectives and Key Results

### Council tasks

**OKR & WG performance**

- Evaluating the current tasks and output of wgs
- Make sure Q3 OKRs are implemented in WG plans   (for reference  [](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/441)[see this](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/410))
- Deeper discussion on [Block Explorer](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/483), [Pioneer Updates](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/485) and [Email notifications](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/484)
- Create a signal proposal to add new categories into [Content Reward](https://www.notion.so/Content-Rewards-Policy-f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a?pvs=21) program and allocate budget for it
- Recheck channels which already added to YPP and add new criteria for adding new channels in the future

### AWG

- push AWG lead to present a paperwork and new plan for the group
- help to realize new GW ideas and find operators (fallback BWG)

### BWG

**top priority**

- Validator Page ([Validator Page Dev](https://github.com/Joystream/pioneer/issues/4321)) - push to production

**other priority**

- [Dapplooker dashboard](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/472) maintenance - check if the information being updated on time

### CWG

- Curation of videos and make sure problematic videos are given necessary actions
- Continue work on rewarding videos through CRP and other schemes
- NFT Featuring and Rewarding Scheme
- Promoting NFTs in Discord (curator of the day posts interesting NFT(s) in #creator channel)

### DWG

- Publish new scaling strategy and get it approved
- Reduce salaries according to new JOY average (200k)

### FWG

- Review pre-proposal threads, remind participants and archive if necessary
- Reward best forum thread for the term
- Post 1 community guide on Forum

### MWG

- Finalize Ambassador Program and submit a detailed proposal
- Outreach to web3 YouTube content creators and communicate to them Joystream opportunities.
- Prepare new marketing campaigns to attract a wider audience of potential investors and content creators.
- Joystream token listing on the additional exchange, schedule necessary calls and ensure we progress towards additional markets for JOY.
- Increase Joystream presence on web3 platforms.
- Reach the top Validators team and communicate to them Joystream validating opportunities
- Organize at least 3 posts for KOLs about Joystream with total coverage of at least 10000 views.
- Promote community Twitter Spaces and Discord events outside of Joystream.

### SWG

- Finalize and submit a proposal for Storage scaling strategy
- Reduce salaries according to new JOY average (300k)
- Maintain a replication rate of 4
- Maintain failed upload rate < 5%, investigate and report on failed uploads

### HR

- Moderate DAO-Daily Standup and main governance meetings
- Weekly Summary
- Come up with an approved bounty process
- Research and implement different approaches to improve community engagement.
- Coordinate with Tomato and moderate Discord server
- Engagements and meetings: organize, moderate, and provide meeting notes if necessary. Follow up on action items.
- Recruit candidates based on Lead requests
- Keep up-to-date and accurate daily record of Joy value for this term

### Memberships WG

- Keep constant monitoring of the faucet address(es). If we get a large rise in user signups then this needs to be refilled more regularly.
- Keep monitoring of usage of the invitation feature, as this impacts the WG’s budget.
- Ensure the Membership WG budget does not reach 0 as this prevents people from being able to use the invitation feature.

## 5. Budget

Average Joy price in Term 16: `0.007877`
Actual Joy price in upon budgeting: `0.01423`

- Starting Council budget:  `30,365,738.999`
- Spending from Council budget (planned): `632,059`
- Refill of Council budget (planned): `750,000`
- Ending Council budget (planned): `30,483,679.999`

**Inflation**

- Planned inflation for the term: `0.13%`
- Projected inflation this year**:  `3.9%`

** if all remaining periods had same issuance as the current one.

| Term | Minted, MJOY | Inflation |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 2 | 0.487 | 0.05% |
| 3 | 3.035 | 0.30% |
| 4 | 1.284 | 0.13% |
| 5 | 1.344 | 0.13% |
| 6 | 1.847 | 0.18% |
| 7 | 1.541 | 0.15% |
| 8 | 0.882 | 0.09% |
| 9 | 1.839 | 0.18% |
| 10 | 1.472 | 0.15% |
| 11 | 1.85 | 0.19% |
| 12 | 1.46 | 0.18% |
| 13 | 2.28 | 0.22% |
| 14 | 2.5 | 0.25% |
| 15 | 1.43 | 0.14% |
| 16 | 2.15 | 0.22% |
| 17 | 1.33 | 0.13% |
| **Total** | **27.21** | **2.65%** |

### **Overall**

**Table 5.1. Overall budget**

| **Item** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- |
| Council rewards | 250 560 |
| WG refills | 632 059 |
| Funding proposals | 0 |
| Creator payout rewards | 0 |
| Validator rewards | 450 000 |
|  **Total** | 1 332 619 |

### **Working groups**

**Table 5.2. Working groups**

| **Working group** | **Starting budget, JOY** | **Total refilled (planned), JOY** | **Total spending (planned), JOY** | **End budget (planned), JOY** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Builders | 16184.18 | 6000 | 21600 | 584.18 |
| Storage | 81741.58 | 219000 | 300000 | 741.58 |
| Distribution | 253588.26 | 0 | 200000 | 53588.26 |
| Forum | 1236.29 | 15520 | 15930.5 | 825.79 |
| Apps | 76392.78 | 0 | 19997.28 | 56395.5 |
| Content | 12972.54 | 100000 | 111617.51 | 1355.03 |
| HR | 9245.48 | 91539 | 88089.1 | 12695.38 |
| Membership | 2147.96 | 0 | 0 | 2147.96 |
| Marketing | 9966.87 | 200000 | 200000 | 9966.87 |
| **Total** | 463475.94 | 632059 | 957234.39 | 138300.55 |