# Council #23 Handover

**Date:** 18/09/2022 17:00

**Duration:** 40 minutes 

**Participants:** @adovrn @abramaria_ @buchachos 

**Guests**: no

**Place:** Discord

# Spending numbers

Posted in Discord

[https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/812343711870091285/1020249744712421378](https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/812343711870091285/1020249744712421378)

# Information about the previous term

- Started calculating WGs score
- Began to specify value in mainnet JOY in Funding proposals
- Made up questions for the AMA meeting
- The openings for the Deputy Lead position were checked, and suggestions for their improvement were made

# Update/status of council communication

- Councils activity:
    
    @adovrn - was active 
    
    @AlexZNet  - was active
    
    @abramaria_  - was active
    
    @0x2bc - was active
    
    @buchachos - was active
    
- Lead communication
    - N/A

# Recommendations for the next council

- Deputy Builders (needs to interest workers to apply for a position)
- Deputy Content (propose a 2nd deputy and divide the tasks)
- Lead bonuses - increase the number of expected bonuses
- Discuss and generate ideas for the road map (proposal for the discord channel)
- Work out the openings of the deputy lead
- Leads should not delay requests for extra hours
- Submit and post on Forum a Council Period Summary on time
- Remind the Builders lead to request a reward for extra working hours
- Ideas to improve your Working Group - analyze the Lead suggestions and clarify what has been done and what actions have been taken