# 28 Term Plan

# 1. Current group composition :

- Lead: Ismail
- Deputy Lead: abramaria_
- Marketer 3: marat_mu
- Marketer 4: mrexpat
- Marketer 5: swargo
- Marketer 6: ferdikesh_studio
- Marketer 7: CodefiKeyz
- Marketer 8: kate_fm
- Marketer 9: jpaul
- Marketer 10: songoku

# 2. Hiring/Firing

|  | Old members | New Members |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Hiring  | n/a | n/a |
| Firing | n/a | n/a |

# 3. Onboarding plans for newcomers

We will create a bounty for content creator and if newcomer complete the bounty and do extra ordinary job greater than existing content creators, then we will allow newcomer to perform their duties in WG and less competent content creator will fire because “content creator” position is testing role for newcomers.

# 4. Group Priorities for the Term

### **Content Creation**

---

1. we will create a general awareness video on this topic:

Why content creators aren’t success on platforms like youtube?

### **Research and Analysis**

---

1. We will research and find out which launchpads are more effective in polkadot and kusama ecosystem and why are they effective?

### **Outreach and Brand awareness**

---

1.  We will continue working on reddit and twitter for purpose of brand awareness.
2. We will write about carthage testnet on following forums (we updated list with new entries): [https://joystream.notion.site/List-of-forums-for-public-awareness-6db50572ecfe456785b742a5ba712174](../Our%20achievement/Research%20and%20analysis%20center/List%20of%20forums%20for%20public%20awareness%206db50572ecfe456785b742a5ba712174.md) 

### **Handbook Improvement**

---

1. We will locate flaws in system and testnet handbook, and will propose its solutions in details.

### **Recruiting**

---

- We are following this [sheet](https://www.notion.so/Vacant-Seats-in-groups-f9412d3da2974f96824e957ff74e98d5?pvs=21) updated by HR working group, if working group will need newcomers, they will update the sheet and we will outreach leads of respective working groups and will start recruitment process.
1. Following sheet suggest that distributors need “deputy lead” but when we talked to distributor’s lead, lead said they’re not looking for deputy lead and information will update in sheet soon.
2. Following sheet suggest that content curator’s WG is looking for interns, most suitable recruits will be users who didn’t achieve FM threshold yet, for this internship, but HR WG is doing same thing.
3. Following sheet suggest that storage WG is looking for “deputy lead”, we asked lead either he is actively hiring for this position or not, but they didn’t receive any response, we sent [follow up](https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/812344681786507274/1030690757218144256). We will be in touch with lead.
4. Following sheet suggests that builders are looking for team players, as lead I talked to BWG lead but he said that we will open positions when council will agree with expansion of BWG. We will wait when they will ready to accept candidates.