# 29 Term Plan

# 1. Current group composition :

- Lead: Ismail
- Deputy Lead: abramaria_
- Marketer 3: marat_mu
- Marketer 4: mrexpat
- Marketer 5: swargo
- Marketer 6: ferdikesh_studio
- Marketer 7: CodefiKeyz
- Marketer 8: kate_fm
- Marketer 9: jpaul
- Marketer 10: songoku
- Marketer 11: leet_joy

# 2. Hiring/Firing

|  | Old members | New Members |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Hiring  | 1 | n/a |
| Firing | 1 | n/a |

# 3. Onboarding plans for newcomers

We will create a bounty for content creator and if newcomer complete the bounty and do extra ordinary job greater than existing content creators, then we will allow newcomer to perform their duties in WG and less competent content creator will fire because “content creator” position is testing role for newcomers.

# 4. Group Priorities for the Term

### **Content Creation**

---

1. we will write review on this topic and will publish on our [medium](https://medium.com/@joystream.dao):

Why community incentives are important for DAO industry?

1. We will make helpful tutorial on this topic:

How community member can propose and implement changes in Joystream DAO? 

(Purpose: this is crucial to show the path to our community members for owning Joystream DAO)

### **Research and Analysis**

---

1. We will research and find out which is most successful competitor of joystream, disregard of ecosystem. Second, we will find out the ways to incentivize users of that platform.

### **Outreach and Brand awareness**

---

1.  We will continue working on reddit and twitter for purpose of brand awareness.
2. We will write about carthage testnet on following forums: [https://joystream.notion.site/List-of-forums-for-public-awareness-6db50572ecfe456785b742a5ba712174](../Our%20achievement/Research%20and%20analysis%20center/List%20of%20forums%20for%20public%20awareness%206db50572ecfe456785b742a5ba712174.md) 

### **Handbook Improvement**

---

1. We will locate flaws in system and testnet handbook, and will propose its solutions in details.

### **Recruiting**

---

- We are following this [sheet](https://www.notion.so/Vacant-Seats-in-groups-f9412d3da2974f96824e957ff74e98d5?pvs=21) updated by HR working group, if working group will need newcomers, they will update the sheet and we will outreach leads of respective working groups and will start recruitment process.

(NOTE: our recruiter is out of his office due to flood in his local region, so lead is performing this job for now and planned to re-hire former recruiter)

1. Following sheet suggest that distributors need “deputy lead” but when we talked to distributor’s lead, lead said they’re not looking for deputy lead and information will update in sheet soon.
2. Following sheet suggest that content curator’s WG is looking for interns, most suitable recruits will be users who didn’t achieve FM threshold yet, for this internship, we will recruiting them. 
3. Following sheet suggest that storage WG is looking for “deputy lead”, we have started recruitment process of deputy lead of distributors WG. 
4. Following sheet suggests that builders are looking for team players, we integrated 2 front end developers already and recruiting more.