# 30 Term Plan

# 1. Current group composition :

- Lead: Ismail
- Deputy Lead: abramaria_
- Marketer 3: marat_mu
- Marketer 4: mrexpat
- Marketer 5: swargo
- Marketer 6: ferdikesh_studio
- Marketer 7: CodefiKeyz
- Marketer 8: kate_fm
- Marketer 9: jpaul
- Marketer 10: songoku
- Marketer 11: leet_joy

# 2. Hiring/Firing

|  | Old members | New Members |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Hiring  | 2 | n/a |
| Firing | 1 | n/a |

# 3. Onboarding plans for newcomers

We create bounties for content creator and if newcomer complete the bounty and do extra ordinary job greater than existing content creators, then we will allow newcomer to perform their duties in WG and less competent content creator will fire because “content creator” position is testing role for newcomers.

# 4. Group Priorities for the Term

### **Content Creation**

---

1. We will make helpful tutorial on this topic:

How to Vote on Proposal (for Council Members)

### **Research and Analysis**

---

(we had same task last term, but marketer was unable to perform it, so we have same task in this term)

1. We will research and find out which is most successful competitor of joystream, disregard of ecosystem. Second, we will find out the ways to incentivize users of that platform.

### **Outreach and Brand awareness**

---

1.  We will continue working on reddit and twitter for purpose of brand awareness.
2. We will write about carthage testnet on following forums: [https://joystream.notion.site/List-of-forums-for-public-awareness-6db50572ecfe456785b742a5ba712174](../Our%20achievement/Research%20and%20analysis%20center/List%20of%20forums%20for%20public%20awareness%206db50572ecfe456785b742a5ba712174.md) 

### **Handbook Improvement**

---

1. We will locate flaws in system and testnet handbook, and will propose its solutions in details.

### **Recruiting**

---

- We are following this [sheet](https://www.notion.so/Vacant-Seats-in-groups-f9412d3da2974f96824e957ff74e98d5?pvs=21) updated by HR working group, if working group will need newcomers, they will update the sheet and we will outreach leads of respective working groups and will start recruitment process.
1. Following sheet suggest that distributors need “deputy lead”, this is misunderstanding between HR and distributor WG, I have pointed it out. Sheet needs to update in this regard.
2. Following sheet suggest that content curator’s WG is looking for interns, most suitable recruits will be users who didn’t achieve FM threshold yet, for this internship, we are recruiting them each term because curator’s WG hire 3 new interns each term. 
3. Following sheet suggest that storage WG need “deputy lead”, we recruited a newcomer from inside the working group and connected with lead. Newcomer has applied for position, now its leads turn to hire deputy. we will keep updated the council.
4. Following sheet suggests that builders are looking for team players, we integrated 3 front end developers already and recruiting more. 

### Mainnet Strategy

---

1. We are working on Go-to-Market strategy and on our long-term approach inside working group. We have first meeting on proposed strategy in 30th term. We will keep council updated. The purpose of this section is that, community shouldn't get worried about mainnet strategy.

### Ecosystem

---

1. We are working with jsg who will possibly first gateway provider in our ecosystem and they showed their intention to build web3 focused video sharing platform on joystream blockchain. We are finding content creators which will use to generate the leads when jsg will launch its video application “Gleev”.