# HR Report

Group: HR
JSG Grading Status: Not Completed
Reports Gathered: No
Grade Name: REPORT_SCORE
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/human-resources-score#report_score
Parent Score: HR Score (HR%20Score%2063185f16d5d74d65a27484bdcf6b6efb.md)
Score Type: Subscore
Spot Check Completed: Yes

Well done! Addresses almost all items perfectly

## Questions and comments

*How many new people reached out to the group in discord, and how many of them were captured in the CRM.*

- “During this period, 51 people have joined Discord”
    - Source of this number? I see 32 (bots/banned/left excluded?)
    - Missing: amount of new people reaching out → see **`PERSON_LOGGING_SCORE`**
- 12 users were added to the CRM
    - only 11

*What, and how many, bounties were funded by the group during the council period, and for each bounty*

- Nice table :D - looks good!
- Numbers look correct

*What, and how many, bounties created by the group were completed during the council period, and for each bounty*

- Great work! If possible, create a row per MEMBER, not bounty, but really good regardless!

*An overview of which bounty templates, and in general types of
bounties, are the most and least sought after, and what types of bounty
templates more options are needed.*

- Please elaborate, not clear exactly what is said.

*Recommendations for "graduates" that should be considered for a role and a specific working group, or handed a spot the council.*

- “Recommendations for HR WG: halk99”
- “Recommendations for Marketing WG: ferdikesh_studio, emmynemap, Cryptocurry”
    - It seems a recurring “theme” all newcomers are placed here. Any idea why?

---

In addition to what is outlined in the [#working-group-summary](https://github.com/Joystream/handbook/blob/master/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score.md#working-group-summary), the working group report must include a section covering

- How many new people reached out to the group in discord, and how many of them were captured in the CRM.
- What, and how many, bounties were funded by the group during the council period, and for each bounty
    - Which bounty template id was used for which bounty on-chain id
    - Which HR worker created, assigned and funded it
    - Whom the bounty was created for
    - Who was assigned as the oracle
- What bounties, regardless of which council period it was started,
are being worked on, which are not yet completed, and what progress was
made in this period, as well as a new ETA on delivery.
- What, and how many, bounties created by the group were completed during the council period, and for each bounty
    - What was the result, meaning how much was paid (if any), to whom and why
    - How much was given to the oracle for providing the judgement
    - A timeline of all steps
- Which bounties failed during the judgement period because the oracle did not submit a valid judgement.
- An overview of which bounty templates, and in general types of
bounties, are the most and least sought after, and what types of bounty
templates more options are needed.
- Recommendations for "graduates" that should be considered for a role and a specific working group, or handed a spot the council.
- What template bounties should have their budgets adjusted, and why.

Whereas the same deadline as general report applies, there is no requirement to submit a temporary report for this.