# WG Summary

Group: Content
Submitted [Block]: 849027
Submitted [date/time]: May 21, 2022 11:48 PM (GMT+1)
Score Status: Completed
Score: 0.2
Score Notes: Forum post did not include markdown, Incomplete (Did not fulfill all requirements)
Attributes: Document, Forum Post, Grade, Subscore, Summary
Reports Gathered: No
Forum Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/136
Forum Report Source: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/category/11
Grade Name: SUMMARY_SCORE
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score#working-group-summary
Notion Link: CWG summary (https://www.notion.so/CWG-summary-4eb1db7e6c0b4259a7b7aae5b704b418?pvs=21) 
Parent Score: General WG Score (General%20WG%20Score%200add7c6b293542c09bc64d4744c1e3d2.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

The summary was not submitted in markdown on the forum. Additionally there was still no proper accounting included, and the summary did not include any mention of the status of featuring videos (although the forum post did, it did not explain in sufficient detail what the current difficulties with featuring videos is)

All working group summaries have the same "core" scope

- Accounting of how much was spent on what.
    - Only salaries were listed, no complete accounting was included.
- Actual hires made.
    - Completed
- Actual slashes imposed.
    - Completed
- Actual firings done.
    - Completed
- Propose set of bounties that newcomers can tackle.
    - Completed
- Changes made to the corresponding notion board.
    - Not completed
- A summary on how well the working group served it's intended purpose.
    - Incomplete. There is no mention of the status of featuring videos.
- Recommendations for what should be focused on in next council period in order to make group more effective.
    - Incomplete.
- Suggested changes to the purpose or practices built in to this
working group, other working groups, the council or Jsgenesis' role, in
order to increase overall effectiveness of the group or the project.
    - Not completed