# Content Report

Group: Content
Attributes: Forum Post, Group Specific Scores
Score Notes: On time, Only done on Notion
Score: 0.4
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/content-directory-score#report_score
Grade Name: REPORT_SCORE
Notion Link: Report 06.05.2022 - 12.05.2022 (https://www.notion.so/Report-06-05-2022-12-05-2022-800fb3787c8445b2a221a53f65230dc5?pvs=21) 
Parent Score: Content Score (Content%20Score%20004119f9e07b44c9a77b2e142972c598.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

Only submitted on Notion.

## Questions and comments

- New video stats missing one vid, but otherwise pretty good!
- New channel stats not done
- NFT stats wrong and incomplete
- The only video that is stated newly censored is not. I suspect copy paste error here, as another (26852) was, but after the term. The stated rationale was ok, but is it in line with the content policy to censor duplicates?
- Missing all the “**For the content directory as a whole:”**

As with last period, most of the work appears to be done, but not documented…

---

- All channels and videos by `Id` created. For each, include
    - metadata, meaning (at least) `title`, `category`, `license`, `objectId`(s)
    - content directory status, meaning (at least) `isCensored`, `isPublic`, whether each object `isAccepted`
    - curator specific information, such as in which block it was created, the `createdAt` and `updatedAt`timestamps, for the purpose of being able to review a video that gets updated
    should be dealt with (eg. censored or no longer censored)
- All channels and videos by `Id` updated. For each, include what the change was and when it was made.
- Channel or video categories created or deleted, when and why.
- All `NFT`s created, and their `Id`
- All `NFT`s sold, and the auction type and `Id`
- All moderation actions taken by the group, for which channels/video and why. This must include
    - `Id`
    - action taken
    - justification (longer and "off-chain" - see `MODERATION_SCORE`)
    - `rationale` (if applicable)
    - block height/event/[link to explorer](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Frpc.joystream.org%3A9944#/explorer) if a transaction was made
    - the `curatorId` which made the transaction
- All requests made to storage working group lead, related to moderation.
- All changes made to the featured content, with precise logs (see `FEATURING_SCORE`)

**For the content directory as a whole**

- Total amount of videos
- Total amount of channels
- Total amount of `NFT`s
- Amount of videos hidden and censored.