# WG Summary

Group: Storage
Attributes: Document, Forum Post, General WG Score, Grade, Subscore
Score Notes: Incorrect Data, On time
Score: 0.8
Submitted [Block]: 1141613
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score#working-group-summary
Forum Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/238
Grade Name: SUMMARY_SCORE
Parent Score: General WG Score (General%20WG%20Score%20bd8fc0e6d40c4ad49bd055e5ccd08c52.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

### Notes

- The summary was  submitted before the term had actually ended which means the budget information does not match what was actually spent.
- Despite this it was detailed and of a high standard.

### **Scope**

All working group summaries have the same "core" scope

- Accounting of how much was spent on what.
    - Completed but see note above
- Actual hires made.
    - Completed
- Actual slashes imposed.
    - Completed
- Actual firings done.
    - Completed
- Changes made to the corresponding notion board.
    - Completed
- A summary on how well the working group served it's intended purpose.
    - Completed with a nice breakdown of completed work.
- Recommendations for what should be focused on in next council period in order to make group more effective.
    - Completed
- Suggested changes to the purpose or practices built in to this working group, other working groups, the council or Jsgenesis' role, in order to increase overall effectiveness of the group or the project.
    - Completed