# WG Summary

Group: HR
Attributes: Document, Forum Post, General WG Score, Grade, Proposal, Summary
Score Notes: Basically Perfect, On time
Score: 1
Submitted [Block]: 1159887
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score#working-group-summary
Forum Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/251?post=503
Grade Name: SUMMARY_SCORE
Parent Score: General WG Score (General%20WG%20Score%20722835ea84824ffa8cee22c02e94a6a0.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

Well done, detailed and useful.

### **Scope**

All working group summaries have the same "core" scope

- Accounting of how much was spent on what.
    - Completed, however it mentioned discretionary funding that was not found. Other that that it was accurate, it is presumed the discretionary spending was withdrawn at an earlier date and only spent during this term.
- Actual hires made.
    - Completed
- Actual slashes imposed.
    - Completed
- Actual firings done.
    - Completed
- Changes made to the corresponding notion board.
    - Completed
- A summary on how well the working group served it's intended purpose.
    - Completed via attached Notion board
- Recommendations for what should be focused on in next council period in order to make group more effective.
    - Completed
- Suggested changes to the purpose or practices built in to this working group, other working groups, the council or Jsgenesis' role, in order to increase overall effectiveness of the group or the project.
    - Completed