# DAO buys NFTs

## Buying NFT video

The community has the right to buy NFT video that meets high quality standards.
The purchase decision should be made based on an assessment of the quality and availability of funds in the community.
The purchase must be fair and take into account the work of the author, as well as the market value of the NFT video.

## Video Criteria

The video must be of good quality (quality not lower than HD, FPS not lower than 24), have a correct title, and a clear description. A channel with a video must have a description and avatars.
The video must be judged to be of value in terms of current use or artistic value. The video may also be not valuable, but viral, hype or unique.

## Purchase order

As a result of reviewing the video, curators may note some interesting NFTs. Also, authors can post interesting NFTs on Discord in the #content-creator thread for evaluation.
After the checks, a list of NFTs with purchase offers is created and, during direct discussion with the consuls, the purchase of the selected NFT videos will be made.
After a purchase, a report is generated of all purchased videos, as well as all videos in which a purchase request was made, and given to the marketing team.

## Price setting

NFT video creators must price their work based on the quality and market supply.
The price must be reasonable and reflect the value of the author's work, but it must not be grossly overstated or understated.
The budget for the program is limited to 10000 Joy per term.

## Alienation of NFT video

Contributors whose work has been purchased should understand that selling NFTs involves foreclosing the rights to their NFT videos to the community.
This may include the transfer of rights to reproduce, distribute and sell NFT videos.

## DAO NFT account

The [DAO_NFT](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/members/6274) account is created once by the Lead Curators, controlled and managed by them. After the change of Lead, the account - the membership is transferred to the new Lead Curator, unless otherwise specified by the consuls.