# Term 21

## Term 21 Report

### 1. **Group Composition**

| Worker ID | Member ID | Member handle | Role |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 2098 | `0x2bc` | operator |
| 2 | 458 | `sieemma` | operator |
| 8 | 4236 | `Deathix` | operator |
| 10 | 2502 | `adovrn` | operator |
| 12 | 2233 | `klaudiusz` | operator |
| 15 | 2233 | `klaudiusz` | monitoring operator |
| 16 | 2233 | `klaudiusz` | lead/operator |
| 17 | 2137 | `kalpakci` | operator |
| 18 | 12757 | `p0k` | operator |
| 19 | 11765 | `spoonbender` | operator |

**Note:** 3 workers (17,18,19) were hired this term to replace workers fired last term.

### 2. Group Budget

**JOY/USDT EMA30: 0.031** USDT

| **Item** | **USDT (planned)** | **USDT (actual)** | **JOY (planned)** | **JOY (actual)** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Operator salaries | $250 * 7 = $1750 | $1750 | 8,065 JOY * 7 = 56,455 JOY | 56,455 JOY |
| Monitoring operator salary | $75 | $75 | 2,419 JOY | 2,419 JOY |
| Lead salary | $1,272.24 | $1,272.24 | 41,040 JOY | 41,040 JOY |
| Total Spending | $3,097.24 | $3,097.24 | 99,914 JOY | 99,914 JOY |

### 3. Group Tasks

> Finish migration to new DWG node setup for all nodes.
> 

Done

> Deploy monitoring script to 2 additional locations.
> 

Done, 2 servers were rented (Singapore, North America) and are continuously monitoring all operators.

> Improve browser-based benchmark app and collect more data.
> 

Done, app is deployed at [https://benchmark.joyutils.org/](https://benchmark.joyutils.org/) and multiple features were added:

1. Better testing strategy (multiple smaller tests to same provider)
2. Better test results (using browser APIs to collect more detailed data)
3. Automatic result sharing (no need for JSON files)
4. Added reference download speed test to compare to results

> Introduce automated Discord alerts for node downtime.
> 

No progress was made on this task, other more important things took priority

> Create opening and replace 2 fired operators
> 

Done, 3 operators were hired and have set up their nodes and are currently distributing

> Revise KR-1.1: Suggest new KR-1.1 that establish a monitoring system featuring list of DWG indicators. "Time To First Byte" and "Streaming Bandwidth" should be included in this list
> 

My proposal for the revised OKR:

**KR-1.1 Enable necessary monitoring to track performance and end-user experience of storage system. Introduce synthetic monitoring that tracks uptime, TTFB and download bandwidth of all SWG and DWG operators. Add capability to collect data from Atlas users - performance of downloads, timeouts/errors, failed uploads.**

**Suggested initiatives:**

- Fix Colossus timeout issues (SWG, BWG)
- Track issues in communication between Argus and Colossus nodes (SWG, DWG)
- Introduce tools that automatically and continuously monitor latency and streaming bandwidth of all the distribution operators across the globe (DWG)
- Collect data from end-users of apps (Gleev) to see perceived performance (DWG, SWG)

### 4. Extra Items

1. Thanks to improved monitoring introduced last term we were able to notice that nodes restart from time to time with no apparent reason. Lead has concluded an investigation and found a bug in Argus which was later fixed and the fix was deployed across all the nodes. [https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/1035122847057727518/1165968899393728642](https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/1035122847057727518/1165968899393728642) [https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/pull/4944](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/pull/4944)
2. Experiments with using Cloudflare as proxy to CDN network to possibly improve performance [https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/933726271832227911/1166838244508454912](https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/933726271832227911/1166838244508454912)