# 6u297ql7j93tfl5e9xmf26u297qloq75

Controller Account: j4TE31Kd9pfx1T1NA5M4sHW1iHaavQVhyFPU16LRU9cvgFVPB
Stash Account: j4S998Thq5kQHyurofh8QfHrcFN2c1T19gTdMGUVVx5EHKgky
Email: Vagif1985@gmail.com
First name: Vagif
How long (months) have you provided validation services for one or more Substrate-based chains: 18
How many hours per average full 24-hour weekday is your infrastructure not managed by on-duty staff?: 4
How many hours per full 24-hour Saturday or Sunday is your infrastructure not managed by on-duty staff?: 8
How would you classify your operation? : Professional
Last name: Babaev
Also validates Substrate-based: Subspace
Also validates non-Substrate based: Mainnet: Solana, Nym, Forta, Canto, Lambda, Genesis L1. Testnet: Solana, Minima, Massa, Starknet, Ollo, Realio, Manta, Transformers, Mande, Masa.
Logo: https://api.typeform.com/responses/files/98e55c8adf7612bd47757df843fabc56bbff59dafc38a27d111241065f0dc08c/download.jpg
Description: An individual Professional Validator with extensive experience with Linux and Docker.
I approach my business responsibly. 
I am the Senior Ambassador of the Moonbeam project.
I keep track of announcements and updates in a timely manner. 
I observe the security system during validation. 
An important component is the availability of high-quality technical equipment.
Participated in the Joystream project from the very beginning.
At the moment I'm choosing a workgroup in Joystream.
Validators who are related as early project participants will value their position more, but it is certainly necessary to choose responsible and loyal validators. I always help the network members, we are all like one family!
I will be glad to support the project!
Name : Vagif
Twitter: https://twitter.com/vagifbn
Website: https://vagif.pro
What is it critical for you to learn about in making a decision about becoming a validator in a new network?: 1. Documentation (requirements/conditions for network validation).
2. Preparation time.
3. Availability of equipment (there are no problems with this)!