# Report ⚡Term 9

### **General Overview**

Read, reviewed and moderated posts on Forum. Created Categories. Moved threads to a new Categories when needed. Found new problem regarding to Forum Categories.

### **New Categories**

1. Creatives - This category is for all kinds of creative contributors in the Joystream ecosystem - share ideas/projects, make proposals, and learn from each other.
2. Marketing - This category is for discussion, ideas, and proposals related to Joystream Marketing, Branding, Growth, and the like.
3. Community - This category is for discussion regarding the Joystream community and individual contributors.
4. Development - This category is for discussions related to development of Joystream products, tooling and various applications.
5. Atlas Feedback - This category is for discussions about Atlas website, its organization, how it works and how can we improve it.
6. Education - This category is for discussions and announcements related to the education of everyone using the Joystream platform.
7. Grants/Funding - This category is for projects and proposals that require funding from Joystream DAO.
8. Lounge - This category is for discussions about other blockchains, cryptocurrencies and NFT’s.

### **Budget**

| Starting Budget | 1,594,686 tJOY |
| --- | --- |
| Remaining Budget | 1,827,080 tJOY |
| Budget Refill | 578234 tJOY |
| Lead Earning | 201740 tJOY |
| Forum Moderator Earning | 201740 tJOY |

### **Forum Statistic**

| Forum Threads Created | 36 |
| --- | --- |
| Forum Threads Deleted | 1 |
| Forum Threads Moderated | 2 -  (898598 - “Test thread”, 900144 - “Test thread”) |
| Forum Threads Moved | 3 |
| Changes made to category structure, and why | Added new categories |

### **Problems**

There are no way to update Category on Forum. Tried to replace “Discussion Category” for “Community Category”. Unfortunately this action now is unavailable.

### **Hiring**

No hiring this week.

### **Bugs**

No bugs this week.