# HR Report

Group: HR
Submitted [date/time]: May 15, 2022 10:54 PM (GMT+1)
Score Status: Data input - grading req
Score: 0.9
Score Notes: Forum post did not include markdown
Reports Gathered: No
Forum Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/108
Grade Name: REPORT_SCORE
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/human-resources-score#report_score
Notion Link: REPORT_SCORE (https://www.notion.so/REPORT_SCORE-b2a2a09e74d34b8e8dec01a4f74652c4?pvs=21) 
Parent Score: HR Score (HR%20Score%20d203f1ecbf2549489aac1d675ced3ea2.md)
Handover Weight: 1
Builder Weight: 4
Score Type: Subscore
Spot Check Completed: Yes
Content Weight: 2
Distributor Weight: 3
Forum Weight: 1
HR Weight: 4
Lead Opportunities Weight: 1
Marketer Weight: 0
Marketing Weight: 0
Plan Weight: 1
Property 1: 2
Property 2: 4
Scoring Weights: Council 7 (../../Council%207%207f116be5a8f54180abd97510bc5cfbc7.md)
Storage Weight: 3
Summary Weight link: 1

Overall, great report!

## Notes and Questions

*How many new people reached out to the group in discord, and how many of them were captured in the CRM.*

- “During this period, 44 people have joined Discord 5 users were added to the CRM”
    - Did these 44 people JOIN discord, or reach out?
    - Why only 5/44?

*What, and how many, bounties were funded by the group during the council period, and for each bounty*

- Again, the report lists “only” 2 (29,30) whereas I’m seeing 3 bounties created. Not clear whether the missing WAS funded during the period, so ok.

*Recommendations for "graduates" that should be considered for a role and a specific working group, or handed a spot the council.*

- “Recommendations for HR WG: sieemma, Umar”
- “Recommendations for Marketing WG: ferdikesh_studio, emmynemap”
    - What happened to these?

---

In addition to what is outlined in the [#working-group-summary](https://github.com/Joystream/handbook/blob/master/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score.md#working-group-summary), the working group report must include a section covering

- How many new people reached out to the group in discord, and how many of them were captured in the CRM.
- What, and how many, bounties were funded by the group during the council period, and for each bounty
    - Which bounty template id was used for which bounty on-chain id
    - Which HR worker created, assigned and funded it
    - Whom the bounty was created for
    - Who was assigned as the oracle
- What bounties, regardless of which council period it was started,
are being worked on, which are not yet completed, and what progress was
made in this period, as well as a new ETA on delivery.
- What, and how many, bounties created by the group were completed during the council period, and for each bounty
    - What was the result, meaning how much was paid (if any), to whom and why
    - How much was given to the oracle for providing the judgement
    - A timeline of all steps
- Which bounties failed during the judgement period because the oracle did not submit a valid judgement.
- An overview of which bounty templates, and in general types of
bounties, are the most and least sought after, and what types of bounty
templates more options are needed.
- Recommendations for "graduates" that should be considered for a role and a specific working group, or handed a spot the council.
- What template bounties should have their budgets adjusted, and why.