# WG Summary

Group: Builders
Submitted [Block]: 932261
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Score: 0.9
Score Notes: JSG Questions pending for submitted data/information, On time
Attributes: Document, Forum Post, Grade, Proposal, Subscore, Summary
Forum Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/165
Forum Report Source: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/category/12
Proposal Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/proposals/preview/225
Grade Name: SUMMARY_SCORE
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score#working-group-summary
Parent Score: General WG Score (General%20WG%20Score%20cfcf8f8f05c343ed81ece171d89bc76b.md)
Score Type: Subscore
Spot Check Completed: No

**Questions and comments**

- The report says “no change” to the metrics, but they were changed…
- The spending and budget numbers are incorrect:
    - The builders budget had 38591814 at the start, and 27633889 at the end.
    - The builders group spent a total of 10957925 on rewards over the period.
- Update: This information was updated on Notion
    
    

### **Scope**

All working group summaries have the same "core" scope

- Accounting of how much was spent on what.
    - Completed (see above questions as some data seems to be incorrect)
- Actual hires made.
    - Completed
- Actual slashes imposed.
    - Completed
- Actual firings done.
    - Completed
- Changes made to the corresponding notion board.
    - Completed
- A summary on how well the working group served it's intended purpose.
    - Completed
- Recommendations for what should be focused on in next council period in order to make group more effective.
    - Completed
- Suggested changes to the purpose or practices built in to this working group, other working groups, the council or Jsgenesis' role, in order to increase overall effectiveness of the group or the project.
    - Completed