# WG Summary

Group: Forum
Submitted [Block]: 941094
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Score: 0.65
Score Notes: No Proposal Found, On time
Attributes: Document, Forum Post, Grade, Proposal, Subscore, Summary
Forum Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/168
Grade Name: SUMMARY_SCORE
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score#working-group-summary
Parent Score: General WG Score (General%20WG%20Score%208b96e578dcfd429798d14c9fc6bf3e7e.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

### Questions

- The `Starting Budget` provided does not match with on-chain data.
- Update: no response was provided by the lead however this does not appear to be a giant deviation. In the future though the budget information should be presented on the forum, even if the formatting is not pretty as numbers can be adjusted on Notion after the fact.

### **Scope**

All working group summaries have the same "core" scope

- Accounting of how much was spent on what.
    - Completed (this data was presented on Notion as it uses a table format)
- Actual hires made.
    - Completed
- Actual slashes imposed.
    - Completed
- Actual firings done.
    - Completed
- Changes made to the corresponding notion board.
    - Not completed
- A summary on how well the working group served it's intended purpose.
    - Not completed sufficiently. Although a problem was highlighted it would be great to have more detail.
- Recommendations for what should be focused on in next council period in order to make group more effective.
    - Not completed
- Suggested changes to the purpose or practices built in to this working group, other working groups, the council or Jsgenesis' role, in order to increase overall effectiveness of the group or the project.
    - Not completed