# Publish A News Article About The Current State Of Joystream DAO from 0280

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/393](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/393)

**0280**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1115?post=1871)

[current state of Joystream DA](https://medium.com/@elisarahumehsam/current-state-of-joystream-da-b8f17c8224f0)

# **current state of Joystream DAO**

A decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) is an emerging form of legal structure. With no central governing body, every member within a DAO typically shares a common goal and attempt to act in the best interest of the entity. Popularized through cryptocurrency enthusiasts and blockchain technology, DAOs are used to make decisions in a bottoms-up management approach.A decentralized autonomous organization is an entity structure in which tokenholders participate in the management and decision-making of an entity.There is no central authority of a DAO; instead, power is distributed across tokenholders who collectively cast votes.All votes and activity through the DAO are posted on a blockchain, making all actions of users publicly viewable.One of the first DAOs named The DAO was an organization created by developers to automate decisions and facilitate cryptocurrency transactions.A DAO must ensure security is prioritized, as exploits can leave a DAO drained of millions of dollars of its treasury savings.One of the major features of digital currencies is that they are decentralized. This means they are not controlled by a single institution like a government or central bank, but instead are divided among a variety of computers, networks, and nodes. In many cases, virtual currencies make use of this decentralized status to attain levels of privacy and security that are typically unavailable to standard currencies and their transactions.DAOs rely heavily on smart contracts. These logically coded agreements dictate decision-making based on underlying activity on a blockchain. For example, based on the outcome of a decision, certain code may be implemented to increase the circulating supply, burn of a select amount of reserve tokens, or issue select rewards to existing tokenholders.

The current state of the Joystream DAO is a rather intruiging one as the mainnet is said to launch mid October. The Final testnet regarded as Carthage will be lainched mid september 2022 as final prrparation are being made by the founders as well as communty members to see it through. Upon Mainnet launch, the JOy tokens will be allocated to all members who have reached the FM status . A status that requires you to reach at least 4 million tJOY ( native token of the DAO) .New comers are still being accepted into the organisation as they are still being pushed to join the community and perform bounties inorder to see that they meet the FM status before mainnet launch.The HR WG see tobitvthat questions and queries by members are answered effectively and to the best of their understanding so as to promote further growth in the Joystream community.Marketers too are involved in recruiting and helping grow the name of the project on most social platforms . From writing articles to handbooks to recruiting to building , all Working grouos in the Joystream DAO work hand in hand to ensure the collective groth of the Joystream community.The theory behind this practice is users who are more monetarily invested in the DAO are incentivized to act in good faith. Imagine a user who owns 25% overall voting power. This user can participate in bad acts; however, by doing so, the user will jeopardize the value of their 25% holding.

DAOs often have treasuries that house tokens that can be issued in exchange for fiat. Members of the DAO can vote on how to use those funds; for example, some DAOs with the intention of acquiring rare NFTs can vote on whether to relinquish treasury funds in exchange for assets.