# Publish A News Article About The Current State Of Joystream DAO from Hanzo

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/430](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/430)

**Hanzo**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1246?post=202)

[Current state of Joystream DAO](https://medium.com/@zionumeh123/current-state-of-joystream-dao-38e1d0f5b00c)

# **Current state of Joystream DAO**

The current state of the joysteam DAO is a one of JOY indeed.Since the beginning of the project years ago, alot of work and contributions at different stages have been made from both the founders and community members alike. Before we talk about tat is we should talk about what was.And before all that we will get to knkw what DAOs are and prospects involved with working with one.A decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) is an emerging form of legal structure. With no central governing body, every member within a DAO typically shares a common goal and attempt to act in the best interest of the entity. Popularized through cryptocurrency enthusiasts and blockchain technology, DAOs are used to make decisions in a bottoms-up management approach.DAOs rely heavily on smart contracts. These logically coded agreements dictate decision-making based on underlying activity on a blockchain. For example, based on the outcome of a decision, certain code may be implemented to increase the circulating supply, burn of a select amount of reserve tokens, or issue select rewards to existing tokenholders.There are several reasons why an entity or collective group of individuals may want to pursue a DAO structure. Some of the benefits of this form of management include:Decentralization. Decisions impacting the organization are made by a collection of individuals as opposed to a central authority that is often vastly outnumbered by their peers. Instead of relying on the actions of one individual (CEO) or a small collection of individuals (Board of Directors), a DAO can decentralize authority across a vastly larger range of users.Participation. Individuals within an entity may feel more empowered and connected to the entity when they have a direct say and voting power on all matters. These individuals may not have strong voting power, but a DAO encourages token holders to cast votes, burn tokens, or use their tokens in ways they think is best for the entity.Publicity. Within a DAO, votes are cast via blockchain and made publicly viewable. This requires users to act in ways they feel is best, as their vote and their decisions will be made publicly viewable. This incentivizes actions that will benefit voters’ reputations and discourage acts against the community.The Joystream DAO upon various progress and linear work are about to launch their final testnet known as Carthage will will ultimately see in the mainnet which will be launched mid october. In the carthage mainnet all bounty activities will stop , so new comers and current members won’t be able to complete these tasks.As a reward for community hardwork and coperation by members, they will be able to withdrae up to 8% of their tokens as the remaining will have a vesting period of 24 months.Not everything is perfect regarding DAOS, though. There are severe consequences to improperly setting up or maintaining a DAO. Here are some limitations to the DAO structure.Speed. If a public company is guided by a CEO, a single vote may be needed to decide a specific action or course for the company to take. With a DAO, every user is given an opportunity to vote. This requires a much longer voting period, especially considering time zones and prioritizes outside of the DAO.Education. Similar to the issue of speed, a DAO has the responsibility of educating a lot more people in regards to pending entity activity. A single CEO is much easier to keep comprised of company developments, while tokenholders of a DAO may have ranging educational backgrounds, understanding of initiatives, incentives, or accessibility to resources. A common challenge of DAOs is that while they bring a diverse set of people together, that diverse set of people must learn how to grow, strategize, and communicate as a single unit.Inefficiency. Partially summarizing the first two bullets, DAOs run a major risk of being inefficient. Because of the time needed to administrative educate voters, communicate initiatives, explain strategies, and onboard new members, it is easy for a DAO to spend much more time discussing change than implementing it. A DAO may get bogged down in trivial, administrative tasks due to the nature of needing to coordinate much more individuals