# Publish A News Article About The Current State Of Joystream DAO from ThomasVal

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/712](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/712)

**ThomasVal**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1800)

[A News Article About The Current State Of Joystream DAO](https://medium.com/@teeval222/a-news-article-about-the-current-state-of-joystream-dao-7559f217d2b7)

# **A News Article About The Current State Of Joystream DAO**

Joystream is one of a kind it's a decentralized autonomous comnnunity. With no central governing body, every member within a DAO typically shares a common goal and attempt to act in the best interest of the entity. Popularized through cryptocurrency enthusiasts and blockchain technology, DAOs are used to make decisions in a bottoms-up management approach.A DAO works without hierarchical management and can have a large number of purposes. Freelancer networks where contracts pool their funds to pay for software subscriptions, charitable organizations where members approve donations and venture capital firms owned by a group are all possible with these organizations.Before moving on, it’s important to distinguish a DAO, an internet-native organization, from The DAO, one of the first such organizations ever created. The DAO was a project founded in 2016 that ultimately failed and led to a dramatic split of the Ethereum network.

The main advantage of DAOs is that they offer a solution to the [](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/principal-agent-problem.asp)principal-agent dilemma. This dilemma is a conflict in priorities between a person or group (the principal) and those making decisions and acting on their behalf (the agent).Other, more advanced DAOs like Joystream, including decentralized networks built on top of the Ethereum blockchain, are responsible for launching cryptocurrency-backed stablecoins. In some cases, the organizations that initially launched these DAOs slowly give away control of the project to one day become irrelevant. Token holders can actively vote on governance proposals to hire new contributors, add new tokens as collateral for their coins or adjust other parameters.Once you’ve found a project of interest like Joystream, there are a few different ways to get directly involved. I feel it is important to note that not all DAOs operate with the same purpose so the first step is figuring out the core function of each DAO.For DAOs focused on technical governance, it’s important to understand what sort of voting rights are granted to token holders and what kind of proposals are at stake.Basically, the developers of the first DAO aimed at shifting the decision-making power towards the members of the organization with a crowdsourced pool of funds. DAOs leverage blockchain for defining the voting powers for members in proposals for shaping up the future of the organization or project.You should also note that every vote on the DAO blockchain is completely public, thereby ensuring that users are accountable for their votes. For example, a DAO can more likely identify the customers who wish for changes in a product. At the same time, the literal thought behind the design of DAOs ensures a foolproof system. Most important of all, DAOs can prevent spamming of the community with bad ideas.right now in Joystream we are in our testnet which is know as tjoy. One can perform task or work in WG’s and be rewarrded with our token. Our Miannet is set to lauch on Dec 1st.Members can work anywhere and be evaluated solely on their work. DAO operates virtually so members can work anytime at any place, even by the beach. Anyone can hold a DAO’s crypto token and have voting rights. Members are valued by their work output, not by how they look or how their credentials stand out. This prevents discrimination and fosters freedom to choose for every member of Joystream.