# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from ThomasVal

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/298](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/298)

**ThomasVal**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/968)

[Write 500 words on "What is the importance of DAOs?"](https://medium.com/@teeval222/write-500-words-on-what-is-the-importance-of-daos-cf9d165b52e5)

# **Write 500 words on “What is the importance of DAOs?”**

**What is a DAO? (Decentralized Autonomous Organization)**The Beginner’s GuideA decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) is a software running on a blockchain that offers users a built-in model for the collective management of its code.DAOs differ from traditional organizations managed by boards, committees and executives. Rather than being governed by a limited group, DAOs use a set of rules written down in code and enforced by the network of computers running a shared software.To become a member of a DAO, users need to first join the DAO by buying its cryptocurrency. Holding the asset then generally gives users the power to vote on proposals and updates, proportional to the amount they hold.Basically, the developers of the first DAO aimed at **shifting the decision-making power towards the members of the organization with a crowdsourced pool of funds**. DAOs leverage blockchain for defining the voting powers for members in proposals for shaping up the future of the organization or project.DAOs leverage [blockchain](https://101blockchains.com/blockchain-technology-explained/) for defining the voting powers for members in proposals for shaping up the future of the organization or project. At the same time, decentralized autonomous organization advantages also present critical components for the web3 landscape. Therefore, DAO is a compelling choice for anyone interested in developing solutions in the present consumer-centric environments.DAOs don’t allocate control of a business or entity to one individual or group. On the contrary, the control of the business and entity is vested in the group of supporters or members of the organization. In addition, the DAO benefits have also made a mark by introducing tokens, which serve as vital tools for voting on different improvement and protocol proposals. Multiple DAOs with popular examples such as Curve DAO, Joystream, [MakerDAO](https://101blockchains.com/makerdao/), and others have encouraged many developers and business owners to opt for DAOs. What is the reason behind the demand for DAOs?While DAOs are still in a nascent stage, many DAOs exist today.Examples of operational DAOs include Joystream, a cryptocurrency managed by its users, MakerDAO, a software that maintains a stablecoin, and Augur, a prediction market platform.Other use cases include incentivizing users to operate social media platforms, such as Steemit, or shared virtual worlds, such as Decentraland.**How do DAO’s Work?**DAOs are intended to mimic a company structure where rules and regulations are built using open-source code and enforced via the use of smart contracts.If you’re unfamiliar, smart contracts are agreements programmed to execute if and when certain conditions are met. These rules are generally decided by the DAO stakeholders.Unlike traditional organizations, there is no hierarchy in DAOs. Rather, to align interests of the organization with that of its members, DAOs incentivizes a distributed network of users to achieve their goal.One of the key features of a DAO is the internal capital that is used to incentivize these actors and ensure that the organization runs smoothly.Once the original set of rules have been established and programmed into smart contracts, DAOs generally enter a funding phase that anyone wishing to access it can participate in.This is typically achieved through token issuance, by which the protocol sells tokens to raise funds and fill the DAO treasury.For e.g In Joystream community In return for their fiat, token holders are given certain voting rights, usually proportional to their holdings. Once funding is completed, the DAO is ready for deployment.At this point, once the code is pushed into production, it can no longer be changed by any other means other than a consensus reached through member voting. That is, no special authority can modify the rules of the DAO; it is entirely up to the community of token holders to decide.

**Governance**Once you’ve found a project of interest like Joystream, there are a few different ways to get directly involved. I feel it is important to note that not all DAOs operate with the same purpose so the first step is figuring out the core function of each DAO.For DAOs focused on technical governance, it’s important to understand what sort of voting rights are granted to token holders and what kind of proposals are at stake.**Importance of DAOs**

Basically, the developers of the first DAO aimed at shifting the decision-making power towards the members of the organization with a crowdsourced pool of funds. DAOs leverage blockchain for defining the voting powers for members in proposals for shaping up the future of the organization or project.Benefits of Dao’s1. Decentalization2. Community Involvenment3. Active stake in game.Finally, speaking of community involvement, you can round up on another notable mention among DAO benefits with the active stake of each member. The mechanisms underlying DAOs primarily focus on the idea of allowing members to exert their stake in the organization. First of all, DAO governance tokens imply the necessity for burning or spending the tokens to earn voting rights. Therefore, members are more likely to be considerate and thoughtful of every vote. In other words, governance tokens on DAOs introduce the ability for all users to influence the future of the DAO project.

You should also note that every vote on the DAO blockchain is completely public, thereby ensuring that users are accountable for their votes. For example, a DAO can more likely identify the customers who wish for changes in a product. At the same time, the literal thought behind the design of DAOs ensures a foolproof system. Most important of all, DAOs can prevent spamming of the community with bad ideas.The final overview regarding the benefits of decentralized autonomous organizations advantages suggests a positive picture of their significance in the broader [crypto](https://101blockchains.com/what-is-cryptocurrency/) ecosystem. [Decentralized Autonomous Organizations](https://101blockchains.com/decentralized-autonomous-organization-dao/) are one of the integral highlights of the emerging [web3](https://101blockchains.com/web-3-0-blockchain-technology-stack/) landscape with many promising value benefits. Starting from decentralization advantages to an autonomous structure, Joystream as a Dao provide new definitions for an organization’s structure.

Think of it as a new approach to bring every member of an organization, including leadership, users, employees, and customers, on one page for decision making and control. The applications of DAO in decentralized governance applications will rely profoundly on the benefits offered by DAOs. Learn more about DAOs and their work, along with an outline of the notable use cases associated with them.

Thank you…