# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from 0280

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/167](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/167)

**0280**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/601)

[Importance of DAO](https://medium.com/@elisarahumehsam/importance-of-dao-6e39ebe82422)

# **Importance of DAO**

A decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), Sometimes called a Decentralized Autonomous Corporation (DAC), is an organization constructed by rules encoded as a computer program that is usually transparent and trustworthy, this program is controlled by the members of the organization void of any control and manipulation of the government, meaning that it is not influenced by a central government. DAOs are member-owned communities without a centralized leadership. The program rules and financial transaction records are maintained on a blockchain. Meanwhile, the precise legal status of this type of business organization is unclear. Clear cut examples of DAOs include, Ether chain, Uniswap and Joystream DAO. In the Joystream DAO, members own a native token popularly known among them as tJOY.

DAO governance is coordinated using tokens and in most cases NFTs that grant voting powers. Voting in DAOs are dependent mostly on ownership of native tokens. Admission to a DAO is limited to people who have confirm ownership of these tokens in question in a crypto wallet. In Joystream, members complete tasks known as bounties and after completion of said tasks, payments are meted out to the members in form of “claim reward”. Governance in DAOs is conducted through a series of proposals that members vote on through the blockchain, and the possession of more governance tokens often translates to a much greater voting power. Contributions from members towards the organizational goals of a Decentralized Autonomous Organization can sometimes be tracked and internally compensated. Inactive holders of governance tokens can be a major obstacle for DAO governance, which has led to implementations of allowing voting power to be delegated to other parties. In Joystream DAO, if members who are actively in a working group do not perform properly, they re immediately dropped from the working group. One major issue with DAOs is that it is difficult to alter once the system is up and running, including bug fixes that would be otherwise trivial in centralized code. Corrections to a DAO require writing a new code and agreement to migrate funds which may be sometimes depleted. Although the code is visible to all, it is hard to repair, thus leaving known security holes open to exploitation unless a moratorium is called to enable bug fixing and repairs.

Importance of DAO cannot be overemphasized, the explosive growth and importance of DAOs in recent years have spurred a lot of interest in them. The decentralized and autonomous nature of DAOs is one of its advantages. DAOs are no affiliated with any country to ensure complete decentralization. DAOs leverage blockchain for defining the voting powers for members in proposals for shaping up the future of the organization or project, they also present critical components for web3 landscape. Therefore, DAO is a compelling choice for anyone interested in developing solutions in the present consumer-centric environment. Another significant advantage is its community involvement. DAOs introduce the facility for communities all over the world to connect with each other and work on productive goals together. Anyone can enter the world of Web3 with just an internet connection and governance tokens of a DAO.