# Write 500 Words On “Transformation Of DAOs” from Sasaha111

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/601](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/601)

**Sasaha111**

[500 words on "Transformation of DAOs](https://medium.com/@suncity.16/500-words-on-transformation-of-daos-8dd65ea0172)

500 words on “Transformation of DAOs

Any company or organization has its own life cycle. It goes through a certain path of improvement and transformation. Joystream is no exception. It is important to know history perfectly so as not to make a mistake in the future. The issue of transformation of decentralized independent organizations is very significant for us. Because we strive every day to contribute to the development of Joystream. If we are perfectly aware of the pitfalls of reforming other DAOs, we will be able to improve the design and interaction of Joystream. Comparison of DAO and other forms of collective management As a form of collective management, the idea of DAO (decentralized independent organizations) is not new and in many ways reminds us of such well-known formats of a universal economy as Soviet collective farms, Israeli kibbutzim or Chinese people’s communes. The main specificity of DAO is the presence of an internal service token — so every member of the organization has an “option for an employee”, and therefore they are interested not only in the maximum Totality of his work, but also in making the right management decisions, because this will directly depend their “bonus” in perspective. Rules Organizations need rules. The DAO rule set is coded as a permanent piece of software called a smart contract. Smart contract is the core of DAO. To provide immutability and autonomy, this smart contract runs on a blockchain infrastructure. This transparent and unmanipulable approach to decision making provides the DAO’s main method of doing things on its own. This will consistently produce the same outcome according to the coded rules, regardless of which member initiates the action in the DAO. This is best compared to the manipulation rules of an organization written in software and recorded on the blockchain. The DAO smart contract also leaves no room for interpretation, unlike the rules of procedure written on paper, which are supposed to reduce contention between participants. As the DAO improves, the ground rules can be modified and supplemented according to the needs of the organization. For example, Joystream implements this mechanism through forum suggestions. Members Every organization needs members. The purpose of the DAO is to make the prospects equal among the participants. Once the initial rules of the DAO are defined, the member recruitment process must begin. This is usually done by issuing tokens in the blockchain world. Thus, token holders are members of the DAO and, according to the codified rules of procedure, they can make proposals, take part in voting, and share in the goals and triumph of the DAO. After that, voting is carried out using distinct procedures built into the software. For example, Joystream had a small number of board members at the initial stage of improvement. Over time, the number of members has increased. The council expanded in proportion to the growth in the number of members of the community. Tokens Most DAOs use tokens as payment for community members. During development, Joystream allocates two tokens: tJoy for the testnet and Joy for the mainnet. In conclusion, I want to say that there are different approaches to reviewing the transformation of the DAO. But it is vital for us to analyze the main aspects of the DAO, such as tokens, participants, and rules. Because we interact with them every day. That’s why we have to know the life cycle of each parameter and apply these skills in order to contribute to the Joystream plan. DAOs recognize a workplace contribution, which is often overlooked In the DAO structure, things are usually more conspicuous, that is, all individual contributions are visible and recognized . People who do outstanding work, but are humble and quiet, often do not receive recognition in the normal structure of the organization, because many of their efforts go unnoticed. In the DAO organization, everything is visible, which means that people are not left behind and deserved recognition for the fact that they benefit everyone else on the team. Imagine a workplace where colleagues are a community of people, where people are more self-reliant and openly aware of their work. The result is a more joyful and productive workforce. If employees are interested in the triumph of the organization, they will perform the highest quality work. This culture of honesty and transparency in the workplace is backed by the DAO and I will say that it has been an amazing skill to have with the Joystream platform.