# Write 500 Words On “Transformation Of DAOs” from victorythewave

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/427](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/427)

**victorythewave**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1238)

["Transformation Of DAOs"](https://medium.com/@victoryychisom/transformation-of-daos-6b249adc2843)

# **“Transformation Of DAOs”**

WHAT IS DAOs?What’s one of the most critical features of the cryptocurrency? Easy, it’s decentralization! So what does it mean? It means that no central authority like banks or government can control this system.The overall control is divided among nodes, networks, and computers. In most cases, these cryptocurrencies add an extra layer of security and privacy to the global transactions. This is an excellent process as you won’t see this much security in standard currencies.Based on this impressive tech, developers tried to build a decentralized autonomous organization a.k.a DAO, back in 2016. So, the question arises,”What is DAO?”Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAOs) is made to be decentralized and automated. The overall structure of this organization doesn’t include any management identity or directors for that matter.Instead, it’s an open sourced code where it acts kind of like venture capital fund. To make it entirely out of governments reach, the system works without any tagline of nations. Meaning no specific country is behind this technology, so they can’t claim it after its launch.Joystream is a major example of Daos and Joystream is also one of the fastest growing Daos.

Transformation of DaosDAOs create a fair and transparent decision-making processesBecause DAOs allow members to vote on changes that are made, the decision-making process is decentralized and democratized. This creates more transparency surrounding decisions, giving everyone more visibility and leaving no one feeling like they are left in the dark on why changes are being implemented.Another important implication is that the fair and democratic voting process creates a healthier and happier work environment. Decisions made by leaders who do not consider employee feedback can create resentment and anger, especially when they are perceived as unfair. By giving members more say in changes that are made, businesses can foster more welcoming and sustainable environments for everyone. The decentralization of the decision-making process can also be viewed as more secure because there is no longer a central point of failure in a central authority figure. Since there is no longer high importance placed on a single person, the impact of an individual leaving the company doesn’t have as resounding effects as a CEO leaving a standard business does. DAOs create a shift in internal leadershipA traditional business structure appoints managers to take control of teams and as their title implies, manage people. Within the DAO structure, there is less people management. Seeing that they can no longer direct others by force, individuals need to educate, influence and motivate others. This ensures everyone feels informed enough to make decisions and galvanizes support around a given proposal that is being voted on. DAOs recognize contributions in the workplace that are often overlookedIn the DAO structure, things are typically more visible, meaning all individual contributions are seen and recognized. Individuals that do an outstanding job but are modest and quiet are often not recognized in the traditional company structure as a lot of their efforts go unnoticed. A major example of DAOs that has all these wonderful transformation is Joystream.