# Write 500 Words On “Difference Between Joystream And Other DAOs” from babinov.miron

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/554](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/554)

**babinov.miron**

[500 Words On "Difference Between Joystream and other DAO's](https://medium.com/@qwertpoliv149/500-words-on-difference-between-joystream-and-other-daos-f65c4848b5bf)

# **500 Words On “Difference Between Joystream and other DAO’s**

What is a decentralized self-governing organization (DAO)? A decentralized self-governing organization (DAO) is a new form of legal structure. In the absence of a central governing body, any member of the DAO usually shares the overall goal and tries to function in the interests of the organization. Popularized by cryptocurrency enthusiasts and specialty blockchain technology, DAOs are used to make decisions in a bottom-up approach to governance. Joystream is a Decentralized Self-Operating Organization (DAO) — a new form of legal structure. In the absence of a central governing body, each member of the DAO usually shares a common goal and tries to function in the interests of the organization. Popularized by crypto enthusiasts and blockchain technology enthusiasts, DAOs are used for decision making in a bottom-up approach to governance. The difference between joystream and other oystream daoists is heavily dependent on smart contracts. These logically encoded agreements dictate decision making through the underlying activity on the blockchain. For example, depending on the outcome of the decision, a certain code can be implemented to increase the circulating supply, burn a certain number of reserve tokens, or issue selected rewards to the token holders present. The voting process for Joystream is located on the blockchain. Users often have to choose between mutually exclusive options. Voting rights are often distributed among users based on the number of tokens they hold. For example, one user holding one hundred DAO tokens will have twice as much voting power as a user holding fifty tokens. Initially, Joystream raises capital by exchanging fiat for a personal token. This native token represents the voting power and proportion of ownership among participants. If Joystream is successful, the price of the native token will increase. After that, Joystream can issue upcoming tokens at a higher price in order to raise more capital. it may also invest in assets if the members decide to approve such measures. For example, a DAO can purchase organizations, NFTs, or other tokens. If these assets increase in value, the price of the DAO will increase. Joystream aims to improve the traditional management scheme of many companies. Instead of relying on one person, or a small group of people, to run an organization, the DAO intends to give every member a voice, a voice, and the ability to propose initiatives. The DAO also gravitates towards the harsh governance that is dictated by the code on the blockchain. Unlike traditional organizations, Joystream has a flat, zero-management organization chart. Within the organization, every token holder has the right to vote. During the development phase of Joystream, one of the code rules specifies that the right to vote depends on the number of tokens the user has. No member has any additional privileges or rights beyond the others. This means that an experienced Ethereum development company understands this requirement before creating the code. Excellence Joystream. With the capabilities and growth of the DAO continuously expanding, it is significant to note the associated advantages and disadvantages. Transparency Traditional organizations keep most of their operations internal, but Joystream operates on a decentralized blockchain network where processes and transactions are transparent, stored continuously, and viewable by the public. Democratization All Joystream members can vote on moves and types of change, which encourages accountability and thoughtful thinking among members. This creates a flat, objective and equal organization without the hindrance of hierarchy. Joystream members vote directly on operations, changes, and developments within the organization, rather than elect members to make decisions on their behalf. Automation Joystream rules are codes built into the blockchain. While the program is running, the rules are applied without labor, manipulation, discrimination, or human error. Removal of Third Party Institutions Participants can transact without the assistance or expense of external entities such as regulators, practitioners or other intermediaries. If, for example, participants want to invest in a startup or change the code of a program they are launching, DAOs can directly implement these plans through voting and undermine the need for banks, legal advisors, and other intermediaries. Within the DAO, votes are cast. through the blockchain and make it publicly available. This requires users to act as they see fit so that their vote and their decisions are public. This encourages activities that will benefit the reputation of voters and discourage action against the community. Community. The DAO Doctrine encourages people from all over the world to come together seamlessly to produce a unified vision. With only an Internet connection, toke holders