# Write 500 Words On “History And Achievements Of DAOs” from Hanzo

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/202](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/202)

**Hanzo**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/718)

[The concept DAO actually started as a digital decentralized autonomous organization and a form of...](https://medium.com/@zionumeh123/the-concept-dao-actually-started-as-a-digital-decentralized-autonomous-organization-and-a-form-of-a8c8d173a161)

# **History and Achievements of DAOs**

The concept DAO actually started as a digital decentralized autonomous organization and a form of investor directed venture capital fund. After its launch in April, precisely 2016 via a token sale, it grew as one of the largest crowdfunding campaigns in history. The DAO’s main objective at the moment was to provide a new decentralized business model for capitalizing and organizing both commercial and non-profit enterprises. The open source computer code behind the organization was written and constructed principally by Christoph Jentzsch, and released publicly on Github, where other contributors added to and modified the code. Simon Jentzsch, Christoph Jentzsch’s brother, was also involved I the venture. The DAO was launched on April 2016 on Ether block 1428757, with a web and a 28-day crowdsale to fund the organization. This s ingle launch marked the beginning of big DAOs of our time like Uniswap, Joystream and Bitswap, among others. Meanwhile, the token sale had raised more than 30 million dollars by May 10 that same year. Later on, the DAO had mustered up and attracted 14% of Ether tokens issued to date. A paper later published in May 2016 noted a number of security vulnerabilities and loopholes associated with the DAO, and recommended that investors in the DAO hold off from directing the DAO to invest in projects until the problems had been resolved. During the month of June 2016, further attention was called to recursive call vulnerabilities by bloggers affiliated with the initiative for cryptocurrencies and contracts. The very next day, the DAO was subjected to an attack exploiting a combination of vulnerabilities, including the one concerning recursive calls, that resulted in the transfer of about 3.6 million ether that had been committed to the DAO. In September 2016, Poloniex de-listed DAO trading pairs, followed by Kraken in December 2016. When we talk about all the risks as well as loopholes involved in DAOs we should not also forget all their achievements since their launch in 2016. Joystream, Uniswap, Bitswap, all these DAOs have set goals in which most of them have achieved or are on the verge of achieving. The launch of DAOs has helped focus on achieving the maximum extent of decentralization according to other basic design princples. But the concept of complete decentralization loses value in other endeavors. Another well known achievement of DAOs is that they introduced the facility for communities all over the world to connect with each other and work on productive goals as in the case of Joystream Founding member Program where each member of the community is pushed to reach the founding member status before arrival of mainnet. Speaking of community involvement, you can round up another well known achievement of DAO with the active stake of each member. The mechanisms underlying DAOs primarily focus on the idea of allowing members to exert their stake in the organization. First of all, DAO governance tokens imply the necessity for burning or spending the tokens to earn voting rights, In Joystream, members have to stake a specified amount when applying for working group or when voting.