# Write 500 Words On “History And Achievements Of DAOs” from babinov.miron

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/551](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/551)

**babinov.miron**

[Write 500 words on "History and achievements of DAOs"](https://medium.com/@qwertpoliv149/write-500-words-on-history-and-achievements-of-daos-7beaf4dee8d7)

Write 500 words on “History and achievements of DAOs”

DAO is a distributed independent enterprise that is ruled along with the support of smart contracts. DAOs have no classical hierarchy. They work directly, according to the laws written in the code. Joystream is considered a traditional example of a dispersed self-sustaining company. For this reason, Joystream users should understand the epic development as well as the key virtues of DAO. The DAO theory (the first name is dispersed independent companies, DAC) was born in 2013. The main principles of the CSR are: dispersal of firms tokenization of their promotions, the availability of transactions along with an officially controlled code. With the passage of time, society has perfected the idea and also adapted it to each company of people, with or without the income argument. This is the theory of current DAOs. Blockchain can also be regarded as the basic infrastructure for the formation of a DAO. In other words, a dispersed independent enterprise is a given addition, detailed on top of the existing bond. For example, Joystream similarly deploys into Polkadot bonds. In 2016, the only one with the 1st DAO, if-or abandoned, was called “DAO”. Traders invested more than 14% of the total circulating ETH in this period. The purpose of the DAO was to create an asset of venture capital funds controlled by the company, which would be invested in plans based on voting. I can see that the basic principles of managing the Way of the voting line were defined in the very, very basis of their development. Joystream was also in no way a deduction from the laws. Joystream consultation limbs are preferred by the voting line. But in general, 3 months later, hackers opened The DAO and also stole $60 million of money. Although this experience with the DAO did not succeed in any way, someone opened the door to the formation of dispersed communities. What are the accomplishments of the DAO? According to Messari’s final report, one of the trends in the crypto industry in 2022 is DAO. Over the years, I can see the restructuring of such institutions, the emergence of subsidiary DAOs, as well as the new division of roles among partners. Independent dispersed companies will have the best instruments of partnership, which will enable society to free itself from passivity and also be most effective. DAO devices can help them with this. This is a tendency that I can notice during the whole life of the Joystream. DAOs are moving towards official recognition. In April 2021, the State established an executive order recognizing dispersed independent companies as the latest firm configuration. After a number of months, the 1st DAO was confirmed. However, in November 2021, the SEC temporarily halted token registrations for 1 de jure recognized company, announcing that it had provided “misleading information” to prospective traders. In 2021, there was a rise in investing DAOs, in which token holders had the opportunity to invest their own funds in NFTs, Web3 plans, cryptocurrencies, or other DAOs. An example of this kind of company is Joystream, which allows video makers to monetize their own work through the Atlas platform.