# Write 500 Words On “Difference Between Joystream And Other DAOs” from Sasaha111

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/602](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/602)

**Sasaha111**

[](https://medium.com/@suncity.16/500-words-on-difference-between-joystream-and-other-daos-a744059fb43)

500 words on “Difference between Joystream and other DAOs”

Difference between joystream and other DAOs A decentralized self-organization (DAO) is a new form of legal structure. In the absence of a central governing body, any member of the DAO usually shares the overall goal and tries to function in the interests of the organization. Popularized by cryptocurrency enthusiasts and blockchain technology, DAOs are used for decision making in a bottom-up approach to governance. One of the main features of digital currencies is their decentralization. This means that they are not controlled by a single institution such as a government or central bank, but are instead divided among a multitude of computers, networks and nodes. In almost all cases, virtual currencies use this decentralized rank to achieve tiers of privacy and security that are typically unattainable for standard currencies and their transactions. DAOs rely heavily on smart contracts. These logically encoded agreements dictate decision making through the underlying activity on the blockchain. For example, depending on the outcome of the decision, a certain code can be implemented to increase the circulating supply, burn a certain number of reserve tokens, or issue selected rewards to the token holders present. Most DAOs differ from each other in various ways. DAO joystream is very different in its organizational structure and video based plan. DAO joystream uses a platform known as Atlas to produce NFTs from videos, which means these videos can also be made as NFTs. Sharp, right? Another difference is that Joystream DAO also has a structural composition of different Working Groups, in which there are chiefs and their deputies, and members are also recruited into these working groups. In the DAO, votes are cast through the blockchain and become public. This requires users to act as they see fit so that their vote and their decisions are public. This encourages activities that will benefit the reputation of voters and discourage action against the community. Community. The DAO Doctrine encourages people from all over the world to come together seamlessly to produce a unified vision. With only an Internet connection, token holders can interact with other holders wherever they live. Limitations of the DAO However, not everything is perfect with respect to DAOS. Wrong setup or maintenance of DAO entails substantial results. Here are some of the limitations of the DAO structure. Speed. If a public company is run by a CEO, one vote may be needed to decide on a particular action or course of the organization. In the DAO, every user is given the opportunity to vote. This requires significantly more than a long voting period, especially considering time zones and priorities outside of the DAO. Education. As with speed, the DAO has a responsibility to inform a significantly larger number of people about the facility’s upcoming activities. An exceptional CEO is much easier to keep up to date with the improvement of the organization, while DAO token holders may have different levels of education, understanding of initiatives, pushes or access to sources. The problem with the idea monopoly is that if you’re the creator being unfairly censored or demonetized, or the customer is unhappy with some aspect, like the algorithm, you can’t successfully campaign for change, and you can’t go looking for a better one either. alternatives.