# Write 500 Words On “Difference Between Joystream And Other DAOs” from Katya

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/715](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/715)

**Katya**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1801)

[Difference Between Joystream And Other DAOs](https://medium.com/@malinka15021990/difference-between-joystream-and-other-daos-c65a75328045)

# **Difference Between Joystream And Other DAOs**

A decentralized autonomous organization or DAO is a blockchain-based form of organization or company that often has its own token. Such organizations are not run by a director or managers, but by code.In the world of cryptocurrencies, a large number of DAO platforms are known, the most famous are: Ethereum (one of the first DAO platforms), MakerDAO (one of the largest DeFi lending protocols), Uniswap, which combines the functions of a crypto exchange and a DeFi protocol. The largest lending protocols in DeFi are Compound, Dash Protocol, DAO Joystream, a video-based platform. All DAOs are united by basic principles, such as:- Lack of hierarchy and decentralization: all participants are equally investors, co-founders and contributors.-Transparency: open source that anyone can see. On the blockchain, anyone can view history to see how decisions were made.-Open Access: Anyone with access to the network can own DAO tokens, giving them the power to make decisions. Although this rule does not always work, sometimes access is still given by whitelist or vote of the participants.-Democratic Changes: Investors can change the rules of the DAO by voting on new proposals.Joystream DAO apart from similarities differs from other DAO platforms. Let’s consider below what are the differences between Joystream and other DAO platforms. Joystream stands out the most for its video-based project. DAO Joystream uses a platform known as Atlas to create video-based NFTs. It is a video platform that is controlled, owned and operated by its users. That is, a distinctive feature of the platform is decentralization. The second difference is in the structure of the working process, in the working groups there are leaders and deputy leaders. Joystream relies heavily on smart contracts. These logically coded conventions dictate decision making based on the underlying activity on the blockchain. The voting process for Joystream is hosted on the blockchain. Users often have to choose between mutually exclusive options. Voting rights are often distributed among users based on the number of tokens they hold. For example, one user holding 100 DAO tokens will have twice as much voting power as a user holding 50 tokens.The uniqueness of Joystream compared to well-known modern video platforms lies in the fact that it is a decentralized autonomous organization DAO (decentralized autonomous organization), controlled and managed not only by the founders, but also by consumers, content creators, outside of full-time developers.To achieve this goal, the Joystream video platform has introduced modern tools such as distributed systems technology, including blockchains, smart contracts and tokens. To implement the ability to participate in the management of the platform, a mechanism is used to obtain the ability to sign messages with identifiable cryptographic keys. In this case, Joystream platform controls are presented to a large active and unlimited number of users.Unlike existing content creation platforms that serve their owners rather than users, Joystream provides members with a fair chance to monetize their video content and stake and manage JOY tokens. And most importantly, in terms of decentralization, the leadership of the Joystream governance system will be completely under the control of the Joystream DAO.