# Write 500 Words On “History And Achievements Of DAOs” from victorythewave

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/425](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/425)

**victorythewave**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1236)

["History and achievements of DAOs"](https://medium.com/@victoryychisom/history-and-achievements-of-daos-ad4ab0b540ae)

# **“History and achievements of DAOs”**

WHAT IS DAOs?What’s one of the most critical features of the cryptocurrency? Easy, it’s decentralization! So what does it mean? It means that no central authority like banks or government can control this system.The overall control is divided among nodes, networks, and computers. In most cases, these cryptocurrencies add an extra layer of security and privacy to the global transactions. This is an excellent process as you won’t see this much security in standard currencies.Based on this impressive tech, developers tried to build a decentralized autonomous organization a.k.a DAO, back in 2016. So, the question arises,”What is DAO?”Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAOs) is made to be decentralized and automated. The overall structure of this organization doesn’t include any management identity or directors for that matter.Instead, it’s an open sourced code where it acts kind of like venture capital fund. To make it entirely out of governments reach, the system works without any tagline of nations. Meaning no specific country is behind this technology, so they can’t claim it after its launch.

History of DaoOne of the most incredible concepts to be successfully implemented through blockchain technology is the DAO, a decentralized autonomous organization. Decentralized autonomous organizations are entities that operate through smart contracts. Its financial transactions and rules are encoded on a blockchain, effectively removing the need for a central governing authority — hence the descriptors “decentralized” and “autonomous.”The Decentralized Autonomous Organization (known as The DAO) was meant to operate like a venture capital fund for the crypto and decentralized space. The lack of a centralized authority reduced costs and in theory provides more control and access to the investors.At the beginning of May 2016, a few members of the Ethereum community announced the inception of The DAO, which was also known as Genesis DAO. It was built as a smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain. The coding framework was developed open source by the Slock.It team but it was deployed under “The DAO” name by members of the Ethereum community. The DAO had a creation period during which anyone was allowed to send Ether to a unique wallet address in exchange for DAO tokens on a 1–100 scale. The creation period was an unexpected success as it managed to gather 12.7M Ether (worth around $150M at the time), making it the biggest crowdfund ever. At some point, when Ether was trading at $20, the total Ether from The DAO was worth over $250 million.In essence, the platform would allow anyone with a project to pitch their idea to the community and potentially receive funding from The DAO. Anyone with DAO tokens could vote on plans, and would then receive rewards if the projects turned a profit. With the financing in place, things were looking up.

Achievment of DAOsUnlike traditional organizations, DAOs have an even organizational structure with zero management. Within the organization, each token-holder has voting rights. At DAO development stage, one of the code rules indicates the voting power is dependent on the number of tokens one holds. No member has any additional privileges or rights other than others. So, an experienced ethereum development company understands this requirement before creating the code.Initially, individuals meet at various social networking sites and decide to contribute funds using ethereum contract development. After collecting funds, the group agrees on achieving its mission as a single entity.Daos have been successful over the years, joystream has been one of the best I’ve come accross so far. Daos has been able to achieve use of smart contract, instant trust and transparency, community based,etc. A major example of DAOs is Joystream.