# Write 500 Words On “What Are The Issues Of DAOs?” from Hanzo

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/204](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/204)

**Hanzo**

[](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/720)

[Issues of](https://medium.com/@zionumeh123/issues-of-c318f26bff7c)

# **Issues of DAOs**

As DAOs have all their benefits and advantages, they also have issues which they face almost on a daily basis. One of such issues involves its slow decision making process. When all members are involved in every move and change within the organization, it can lead to sluggish development and prolonged progress of the community. Members might take a long period of time to understand and decide on project changes and advancements. In cases like Joystream DAO, a council is formed where each council member is voted by the members of the community. This strategy helps reduce the issue of time consumption. Some might argue that as the program can not read votes intuitively as with the traditional voting with the human touch that automation dehumanizes and removes the aspect of critical thinking, which is crucial for some pivotal organizational changes. Another issue of DAOs is that as they are democratized and decentralized, DAO members abide by the opinions and decisions of the majority. It may cancel out the problem f manipulation but there is still a risk of conspiracy. Alao, the developers can not ensure the flawlessness and security of the code which is the foundation of the DAO. Codes may not be quite perfect and may be susceptible to hacking. Poor infrastructures is also notable among the issues faced by DAOs, since DAOs are purely digital and decentralized, they often lack a well developed and efficient infrastructure that their traditional counterparts enjoy. In Joystream DAO, a well-defined hierarchy is in place where Working Groups are run by leads who in turn have deputies. These Joystream Working Group leads are charged with the task of improving the community and hiring newbies who will as well contribute to the development of the project. Although most DAOs suffer from having the right infrastructures for reporting, treasury management, governance, payroll, communication, identity management and so on. A good note to keep in mind is that the increased rate of innovations and collaborations in the Web3 space is gradually helping to solve some of these problems.DAOs share similarities with many organizations of today like corporations, non-profits, partnership and corporatives, but these organizations are all regulated and governed by the rules of the different terrains they are rooted in. But DAOs on the other hand, are purely decentralized without a particular location, and the rules governing them are not specific to that of any existing legal framework. DAOs battle with regulatory issues such as taxation of DAO tokens, treasuries and investsments, how to get investment isssurance and implementing AML and CFT policies. Also, the governance structures in most DAOs are typical democratic system of one man, one vote. While this structure has many advantages, its not the best way to actively manage corporations especially when decisions that need to be taken require expertise.

All these challenges and issues show that DAOs aren’t all bright-lighted as they seem on the surface. Considering these issues forementioned, it seems like a tedious process to start or invest in DAO but one key note you should have is that Joystream DAO is one of the fastest growing DAO and they have in place counter measures for all these issues.