# Write 500 Words On “Why Content Creator Should Switch To Atlas?” from Katya

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/713](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/713)

**Katya**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1810)

[Atlas is DAO Joystream's popular video platform for watching and uploading videos.](https://medium.com/@malinka15021990/atlas-is-dao-joystreams-popular-video-platform-for-watching-and-uploading-videos-fa557eb70e84)

Atlas is DAO Joystream’s popular video platform for watching and uploading videos.For the content creator profession, switching to Atlas is the ideal solution for efficient work and quality video evaluation. What is the advantage of Atlas? Let’s figure it out. First of all, in our time, video content is most popular and has the most value. It is the video content that impresses the user the most and most of all delays the user’s attention, since in the video a person can not only see, but hear. The most popular video platform is YouTube, but there videos are strictly moderated, and many are simply deleted. This does not suit the content creator in any way. Here we immediately see the advantage of the Joystream decentralized platform, namely their Atlas project. On this platform, the content creator will have much less problems. It is also worth saying that at this stage the Atlas platform is free, which makes content creators very happy. In addition, ATLAS allows you to earn a living as a content creator on Joystream. A significant benefit is that creators can create their own tokens and mine videos as non-functional tokens (NFTs) on the Joystream blockchain. Here you will get much more profit for your video content than anywhere else on any other video platform. After all, everything is done here only the best for the creators of the video. The main thing is to create a channel and collect as many subscribers on the channel as possible. It should be noted that the Atlas platform has a very well configured SEO system. SEO is a set of techniques that help find your content. This system perfectly “understands” user requests and makes video searches very relevant. That is, your video content will be in the recommendations of those users who are interested and need it.So, if you want to increase your reach and subscriber count, there are a number of opportunities that you can also take advantage of to get a good portion of the income from your Atlas channel. Simply create a channel and your videos will be at the peak of popularity, as Atlas is one of the fastest growing search engines on the Internet after Google with over a thousand unique visitors every month. These visitors watch at least a hundred hours of video each month. At the same time, content developers from the Joystream organization upload hundreds of hours of video to Atlas every minute, which will subsequently increase the number of leads to your business. The stats above clearly show how crowded Atlas is with content, which looks like a good enough reason to stay connected to Atlas today. It is necessary to choose exactly such new platforms in order to be at the peak of popularity.Let’s conclude that Atlas is a very cool analogue, a competitor even to Youtube, which allows video content creators to earn more and get more relevant subscribers who are interested and important to your content. So, you still have not created a channel on the Atlas platform — I think our article will motivate you and you will start creating a channel in the coming days.