# Write 500 Words On “What Are The Issues Of DAOs?” from 0280

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/201](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/201)

**0280**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/723)

[Issuesof DAO](https://medium.com/@elisarahumehsam/issuesof-dao-90ae73af0ee2)

# **Issues of DAOs**

Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs)are built on the sole idea of decentralized fund management. Participants are employed by the network for the network, and decisions are made using decentralized governance systems. The Joystream DAO is a good example, where new members are employed by the head of working groups based on their distinct skills and abilities, after acceptance into such working groups, new members of the Joystream working community are expected to contribute actively towards the collective growth of that working group and the organization as a whole. Most at times, members who are inactive are let off to make room for recently applied members. DAOs are regulatory nightmares, with no single en tity capable of taking responsibility for the DAOs decisions, enforcing the law becomes tedious and puts every investor at risk. Immutability is a fundamental and basic part of the blockchain. Bu it can make development updates and bug fixes much more challenging to implement. Decentralized governance systems already suffer from low voter participation issues, and the lower the number of participants voting, the more centralized the system becomes. Most DAOs abide by the idea that “code is law” , organizations running on decentralized governance is not a new idea but until now, they all relied on trusted agents at some level or the other. DAOs remove the need for trust, instead, relying o the validity of the code deployed on the network. The mathematical certainty and irrevocable nature of smart contracts may not require people to act in good faith, but not everyone can detect vulnerabilities in its code. No code is completely airtight against attacks, and with most people likely relying on external audits to make a decision, DAOs do run the risk of deploying faulty code due to participant ignorance. Blockchain may almost impossible to hackbut the smart contracts that run them do not completely share the same level of security. Many smart contract networks have faced a series of attacks with some protocols drained of millions of dollars sometimes. Division within a DAO can lead to fragmentation and result in splits which we have seen with popular crypto networks. In the Joystream DAO, a clear split within the organization does no exist but there are various working groups in place such as the HR Woking group, marketing, content curators, forum workers, builders and so on. Despite this much working groups, the Joystream members work inter connectively to achieve the set goal of the community.

Even with the possibilities DAOs are bringing to the web3 space, some critics argue that many DAOs are just a bunch of average rich folks combining wealth to increase their earning without any regard for the fundamentals of decentralization and community. According to web3 proponents, DAOs are supposed to remove the barrier of entry in hierarchical organizations by democratising their structures so that the average individual can participate in the decision making process and receive the same empowerment as the traditionally rich class. On the other hand, this may not be entirely seen as “BAD” considering the operational expertise of venture capitalists.