# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from tes_hsn

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/171](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/171)

**tes_hsn**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/628)

[What is the importance of DAOs?](https://medium.com/@kosehasan10/what-is-the-importance-of-daos-b389f1830a0e)

# **What is the importance of DAOs?**

DAO (Decentralized Autonomus Organization), which was born as a new idea after the launch of bitcoin in 2009, showed that financial affairs can now be done safely without banks. Inspired by this idea, he developed the idea that in some companies, decisions can also be taken independently of the hierarchical order. The first dao example appeared in 2016 as a venture capital fund. But the organization traditionally had no headquarters or board of directors and was developed on the basis of open source code. DAO “Decentralized Organization”; unlike people who communicate with each other in a hierarchical order, manage an organization, it is decentralized and communicates and manages with each other through protocols written in code and blockchain. It aims to encode the internal basic rules of the company, to ensure that these rules operate under normal conditions and to eliminate the extra cost and manpower created by process control. This set of rules and laws in the source code is processed through a consensus-based algorithm and by thousands of “nodes”. In a sense, it is possible to talk about a self-managing system. Under normal circumstances, it is not much different from the operation of a company, but since the rules are encoded in the code, they cannot be easily changed by a person. DAOs are not affiliated with any country, company or to person to ensure complete decentralization. In the case of a traditional publicly-traded company, the CEO and board have the final say in decisions or other initiatives. Employees, users or customers do not have a say in these decision mechanisms. Thanks to the decentralized nature of DAOs, an organization’s members can have a say in the organization’s decisions. They can contribute to the functioning of the organization with their ideas and thoughts. The traditional structure, the top-down decision mechanism, has left its place to the bottom-up one. In this way, the ideas and thoughts of the members are utilized at a high level.

A good example of this way of working can be shown in the Joystream DAO. A member of any of the working groups can propose ideas or thoughts, and even independently of the leaders determine what they want to do and demonstrate their potential in the best possible way. With this decentralized structure and bottom-up organizational structure of Joystream DAO, each member can make a sufficient impact and make a difference in a task or work. Other factors in revealing this high performance of the members are the flexible working hours that Joystream DAO allows and the possibility to be found in more than one group. Thanks to flexible working hours, you can determine how much time you will devote to your work without weekly mandatory working hours, and you can show your knowledge, ideas and abilities as an employee in many different groups.