# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from Slyben

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/187](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/187)

**Slyben**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/661)

[The Importance Of DAO's](https://medium.com/@slyben8/the-importance-of-daos-25e94cc7a8e0)

# **The Importance Of DAO’s**

What are the importance of DAO’S?The term DAO( Decentralized Autonomous Organization) is a system developed to distribute decision -making, management and ownership. DAO’s are not affiliated with any country to ensure complete decentralization. Basically, the developers of the first DAO aimed at shifting the decision -making power towards the members of the organization with a crowdsourced pool of funds.

Joystream is a decentralized platform for streaming and sharing video content governed by DAO. The main goal of Joystream is to focus more on content creators, creatives and also consumers. With fairer reward distribution, censorship resistance and immunity to interventions by global entities.

Joystream ([https://www.joystream.org/](https://www.joystream.org/)) is a substrate-based protocol that aims to formalize a shared content platform. In comparison to known video platforms, it will be a DAO (decentralized autonomous organization) operated and governed by its users.DAO’S leverage Blockchain for defining the voting powers for members in proposals for shaping up the future of the organization or project. At the same time, decentralized autonomous organization advantages also present critical components for the Web3 landscape. Therefore, DAO is a compelling choice for anyone interested in developing solutions in the present consumer -centric environments. DAO’s don’t allocate control of a business or entity to one individual or group. On the contrary, the control of the business and entity is vested in the group of supporters or members of the organization.DAO’s are very important and that can be reviewed below.DECENTRALIZATIONThe foremost highlight of the advantages of DAO focuses on decentralization, an essential trait of decentralized autonomous organizations. DAO’s focus on achieving the maximum extent of decentralization according to their basic design principles. The concept of complete decentralization generally loses value in other endeavours. However, the equation changes in the case of DAO’s which rely on collective participation rather than depending on one individual.COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENTDAO’s introduce the facility for communities all over the world to connect with each other and work on productive goals together. Anyone can enter the world of Weber with just an internet connection and governance tokens of a DAO. Participation in DAO delivers unique value advantage of contributing to new projects such as creating new domains like the Ethereum Name Service (ENS) or new play-to-learn cryptocurrencies. In addition DAO advantages also reflect how DAO participants can have a sense of ownership. As a result, they can drive members for innovation and set new precedents for financial rewards in return for participation.Other importance may include in the initial stages of developing cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, the creators primarily focused on the elements of decentralization and transpiracy. Both these aspects served as critical aspects for ensuring neutrality and independence alongside prioritizing the interests of the whole group.The new focus on decentralization helped in preventing centralized control in a small group with vested interest. Such an approach also helped in preventing manipulation alongside opening up the doors for real time actions. When compared to the advantages of DAO, these seem a bit limited.The concept of DAO showed the possibilities for discovering new ways to define an organization’s structure. Shared economy platforms have served as a crucial aspect of the world’s development, with some notable examples in eBay and Uber. The pros of DAO can help in introducing rich and connected experiences in organizations without any centralized intervention. DAO’s can help in building new markets which can set their own standards of pricing and quality.

Think if it as a new approach to bring every member of the organization, including leadership, users, employees and customers on one page for decision making and control.