# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from victorythewave

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/426](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/426)

**victorythewave**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1235)

["What is the importance of DAOs?"](https://medium.com/@victoryychisom/what-is-the-importance-of-daos-27c7c07b05db)

# **“What is the importance of DAOs?”**

WHAT IS DAOs?What’s one of the most critical features of the cryptocurrency? Easy, it’s decentralization! So what does it mean? It means that no central authority like banks or government can control this system.The overall control is divided among nodes, networks, and computers. In most cases, these cryptocurrencies add an extra layer of security and privacy to the global transactions. This is an excellent process as you won’t see this much security in standard currencies.Based on this impressive tech, developers tried to build a decentralized autonomous organization a.k.a DAO, back in 2016. So, the question arises,”What is DAO?”Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAOs) is made to be decentralized and automated. The overall structure of this organization doesn’t include any management identity or directors for that matter.Instead, it’s an open sourced code where it acts kind of like venture capital fund. To make it entirely out of governments reach, the system works without any tagline of nations. Meaning no specific country is behind this technology, so they can’t claim it after its launch.

Importance Of DAOsThe diverse phases of evolution in the blockchain and crypto space have been responsible for spurring many new use cases. Decentralized finance services and non-fungible tokens or the metaverse are just the tips of the iceberg when it comes to blockchain and crypto. Among the many opportunities evolving in this space, decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) have been gaining a lot of traction.The term DAO gives out a lot about the reasons for which it came into existence. You have “decentralized” and “autonomous” as the clearly evident answers for your doubts. DAOs are not affiliated with any country to ensure complete decentralization. Basically, the developers of the first DAO aimed at shifting the decision-making power towards the members of the organization with a crowdsourced pool of funds.DAOs leverage blockchain for defining the voting powers for members in proposals for shaping up the future of the organization or project. At the same time, decentralized autonomous organization advantages also present critical components for the web3 landscape. Therefore, DAO is a compelling choice for anyone interested in developing solutions in the present consumer-centric environments.DAOs don’t allocate control of a business or entity to one individual or group. On the contrary, the control of the business and entity is vested in the group of supporters or members of the organization. In addition, the DAO benefits have also made a mark by introducing tokens, which serve as vital tools for voting on different improvement and protocol proposals. Multiple DAOs with popular examples such as Curve DAO, MakerDAO, and others have encouraged many developers and business owners to opt for DAOs.DAOs are an important part of the transition from the Web2 to the Web3 paradigms. Web3 describes the shift from a centralized, community-focused internet to a decentralized, individual-focused internet. Web3 aims to improve privacy, protect data, and provide more autonomy to users. Joystream plays an important role in the web3 and web2 space which is governed by DAO.

ABOUT JOYSTREAMJoystream is a decentralized platform for streaming and sharing video content governed by DAO. The main goal of Joystream is to focus more on content creators, creatives and also consumers. With fairer reward distribution, censorship resistance and immunity to interventions by global entities.