# Write 500 Words On “What Are The Issues Of DAOs?” from victorythewave

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/424](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/424)

**victorythewave**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1232)

[THE ISSUES OF DAOs](https://medium.com/@victoryychisom/the-issues-of-daos-6d110096d70c)

# **THE ISSUES OF DAOs**

DAOs means Decentralized autonomous organization. One of the most incredible concepts to be successfully implemented through blockchain technology is the DAO, a decentralized autonomous organization. Decentralized autonomous organizations are entities that operate through smart contracts. Its financial transactions and rules are encoded on a blockchain, effectively removing the need for a central governing authority — hence the descriptors “decentralized” and “autonomous.” The Decentralized Autonomous Organization (known as The DAO) was meant to operate like a venture capital fund for the crypto and decentralized space. The lack of a centralized authority reduced costs and in theory provides more control and access to the investors. At the beginning of May 2016, a few members of the Ethereum community announced the inception of The DAO, which was also known as Genesis DAO. It was built as a smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain. The coding framework was developed open source by the Slock.It team but it was deployed under “The DAO” name by members of the Ethereum community. The DAO had a creation period during which anyone was allowed to send Ether to a unique wallet address in exchange for DAO tokens on a 1–100 scale. The creation period was an unexpected success as it managed to gather 12.7M Ether (worth around $150M at the time), making it the biggest crowdfund ever. At some point, when Ether was trading at $20, the total Ether from The DAO was worth over $250 million. In essence, the platform would allow anyone with a project to pitch their idea to the community and potentially receive funding from The DAO. Anyone with DAO tokens could vote on plans, and would then receive rewards if the projects turned a profit. With the financing in place, things were looking up. However, on June 17, 2016, a hacker found a loophole in the coding that allowed him to drain funds from The DAO. In the first few hours of the attack, 3.6 million ETH were stolen, the equivalent of $70 million at the time. Once the hacker had done the damage he intended, he withdrew the attack.In this exploit, the attacker was able to “ask” the smart contract (DAO) to give the Ether back multiple times before the smart contract could update its balance. Two main issues made this possible: the fact that when the DAO smart contract was created the coders did not take into account the possibility of a recursive call and the fact that the smart contract first sent the ETH funds and then updated the internal token balance.It’s important to understand that this bug did not come from Ethereum itself, but from this one application that was built on Ethereum. The code written for The DAO had multiple flaws, and the recursive call exploit was one of them. Another way to look at this situation is to compareEthereum to the Internet and any application based on Ethereum to a website — If a site is not working, it doesn’t mean that the Internet is not working, it merely says that one website has a problem. The hacker stopped draining The DAO for unknown reasons, even though he could have continued to do so. The Ethereum community and team quickly took control of the situation and presented multiple proposals to deal with the exploit.However, the funds were placed into an account subject to a 28 day holding period so the hacker couldn’t complete his getaway. To refund the lost money, Ethereum hard forked to send the hacked funds to an account available to the original owners. The token owners were given an exchange rate of 1 ETH to 100 DAO tokens, the same rate as the initial offering.One of the major issues of DAOs is Poor Infrastructures; Since DAOs are purely digital and decentralized, they often lack a well-developed and efficient infrastructure their traditional counterparts enjoy. Many DAOs have to design the right tooling and infrastructures by themselves before launch, and a bulk of these tools are quite ‘quirky’.DAOs suffer from having the right infrastructures for reporting, treasury management, governance, payroll, communication, identity management, etc. Without the right infrastructure to handle these duties, many DAOs may lose members and eventually fail to gain traction.However, the increased rate of innovations and collaborations in the Web3 space is gradually helping to solve some of these problems. Joystream DAOs has good infrastructure unlike any other Daos that i’ve come accross in this space.Another major issue is Legal battles; DAOs share similarities with many organisations of today like corporations, non-profits, partnerships (both general and limited liability), and cooperatives. But these organisations are all regulated and governed by the rules of the different terrains they are rooted in.DAOs, on the other hand, are purely decentralized without a particular location, and the rules governing them are not specific to that of any existing legal framework. In many regions of the world today, DAOs battle with regulatory issues such as taxation of DAO tokens, treasuries, and investments, how to get insurance on investments, implementing AML and CFT policies, and who takes responsibility for a DAO’s actions. Without a clear system to solve these legal challenges, it’ll be hard for DAOs to gain ground in the physical world.Wyoming, a U.S. state, is solving this problem, through legislation that allows DAOs to operate with the same legal approach as LLCs under the Wyoming Limited Liability Act. This act recognises smart contracts as the legal documentation governing a DAO. Whether other states in the U.S. or countries of the world will follow Wyoming is uncertain.Some other firms have proposed different legal approaches for regulating DAOs. However, for now, DAOs can only operate freely within the confinement of the crypto ecosystem, as attempts to push beyond can lead to fierce scrutiny from legal authorities.Lastly, another major problem is Navigating Blockchains and Contracts; Blockchains may almost be impossible to hack but the smart contracts that run on them do not completely share the same level of security.Many smart contract networks have faced a series of attacks with some protocols drained of millions of dollars sometimes. For example, the first DAO known as “The DAO” is a typical example of the impact of such vulnerabilities. A more recent event is the $120 million hack of BadgerDAO.Division within a DAO can lead to fragmentation and result in splits which we have seen with popular crypto networks:The Ethereum/Ethereum Classic split was caused by disagreements in responding to The DAO attack. The response of the Ethereum community puts the immutability of blockchains in question. The Bitcoin/Bitcoin Cash hardfork was caused by a disagreement in block sizes.Additionally, DAOs can stand against the “code is law” crypto ethos many enthusiasts project. An example is the JUNO Network DAO which voted to revoke the tokens of a whale. While the decision was to safeguard the future of the project, it breaks the foundation of immutability on which Web3 is built.Other events include Cooper Turley’s removal from the Friends With Benefits (FWB) DAO with the most popular being Brantley Millegan who was voted out from his position as ENS Foundation director.All these situations break the censorship resistance feature which attracted many to the web3 space. On the flip side, this can help in scaling many projects beyond the limits Web3’s “good feature” of immutability has placed on them. The current success of the Ethereum network is a testimony to this effect. Or what do you think?In conclusion, These challenges show that DAOs are not all rosy as they seem to be on the surface. While the governance tokens of some DAOs have given investors good ROI, you should know that DAOs are not typically investment properties. Rather, they are means of effective coordination in a decentralized environment without the need for much trust. Joystream DAOs is pretty reliable and one of the best I’ve seen in the space so far.So this are the major issues with DAOs i think should be looked into.