# Write 500 Words On “Why Content Creator Should Switch To Atlas?” from Gift_szn

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/573](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/573)

**Gift_szn**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1492)

[Why content creators should switch to atlas](https://medium.com/@giftamaechi24/why-content-creators-should-switch-to-atlas-3d15314b0673)

# **Why content creators should switch to atlas**

The atlas DAO ecosystem is being designed as a multi-tier platform, consisting of player guilds (DACs) and sub-DAOs reflecting factional, regional, and local interests. The top level, universal Star Atlas DAO is tasked with managing monetary policy, treasury management, and game-wide decisions regulating the overall well-being of atlas.

Atlas videos are easily shareable and something we recommend you post across your other social media platforms. In turn, this will link back to your Atlas channel and can lead to increased subscribers. You can also embed videos into your web pages and blog posts to help improve bounce rates. All in all, because Atlas is a search-based platform, as long as people are searching for what your videos are about, your brand can be seen. Atlas is a social media platform to share videos online. This platform is only for sharing videos with any content that can be informative or just for fun and is totally free to upload any video. Joystream participants also use this platform to upload Joystream community promotion videos as well as other videos. People are free to share the content of their own choice and can also able to search or watch other videos too. we can like, share, and can give comments to any videos. This platform can give a chance to people to connect personally and also allow them to earn some revenue. For every age of people have something to watch for information or just to enjoy the content. But like every social media platform, it also comes with some limitations and drawbacks. Feeling it’s too late to start a Atlas channel in 2022? But if you’re a business owner, then it’s really not too late. You just found out your treasure box to skyrocket your business.Because Atlas is one of the uprising largest search engine on the Internet after Google with more than thousands of unique visitors each month. Those visitors watch at least hundreds of hours of video monthly. At the same time, content developers from the Joystream organization upload hundreds of hours of videos each minute on Atlas that would subsequently increase the number of leads to your business.The above stats clearly specify how Atlas is overflowing with content which looks like a big enough reason to stay connected with Atlas today. Despite these stats, if you are an individual having a desire to attract thousands of followers and subscribers on your Atlas channel while making money in the process, you’ve come to the right place. Here are several reasons that still prove why Atlas a great place for Business people and individuals to start a Atlas channel in 2022 to get benefitted like never before. You must know, there is a number of brands that collaborate with influencers and making it such a hot field to invest their time in. So, if you want to increase your reach and subscribers, there are number of opportunities that you can also utilize to earn a good side of income from your Atlas channel. I hope all the above reasons would have clearly defined you the importance of having a Atlas channel in today’s world for Business people. So, if you don’t have a channel before and this motivates you to start a new one today, what are the benefits that you actually leverage in 2022.One of the good reasons for business people to add video, posts and a Atlas channel to their site is to offer their target audience more valuable content. So, when people get a lot of good and required information that is solving their problems from your site. They will stay longer, this reduces the bounce rate and also like to come back and visit your site more often, which increases ranking.