# Write 500 Words On “Transformation Of DAOs” from ThomasVal

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/299](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/299)

**ThomasVal**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/952)

[Write 500 Words On Transformation Of DAO's](https://medium.com/@teeval222/write-500-words-on-transformation-of-daos-c0ebc7eda9e)

# **Write 500 Words On Transformation Of DAO’s**

You have probably heard about [decentralized autonomous organizations](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/333127) ([DAO](https://www.entrepreneur.com/topic/dao)) by now, which have become a dominant force in the news and have emerged in various industries. They have emerged in the blockchain, sports, [politics](https://www.entrepreneur.com/topic/politics) and entertainment industries.[DAOs unite people](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/420907) around a common goal or interest. If looked at more closely, DAOs show how large groups of people can be organized as a decision-making entity — something that will ultimately disrupt the way businesses work.DAOs will have an impact on how businesses are structured and the way individuals lead and are recognized within companies. Ultimately, DAOs will provide a happier and healthier work environment for all those involved.

Joystream which is an example of Dao’s with a transparent treasury and direct democracy of all members is a sovereign digital jurisdiction, which can be funding projects within 5 minutes. DAOs are not government-subsidized like charities, but what might be added by subsidies can be subtracted multiple times over in time and administration costs. As society grasps just how easy it is to self-organize in this way, we will see a Cambrian explosion of activity that will do for organizations what the internet did for communication.

The history of DAOs began inauspiciously in 2016 when Slock.it launched ‘The DAO’ on Ethereum as a way to coordinate investment in, and governance of, a treasury of $theDAO tokens. By the end of the 4-week sale, $150m worth of $ETH had been deposited in exchange for 1.2bn tokens, priced at 0.01 $ETH each. With hindsight, this was an unbearable weight to be placed on such young shoulders: Solidity — the language that TheDAO smart contract was written in — was only a few months old and lacked the documentation and battle-testing needed to be production-ready. On June 17, 2016, attackers used a recursive call to execute a ‘reentrancy exploit ’ and drained 30% of the treasury funds. In the aftermath, the Ethereum community decided to fork the blockchain from block 1,920,000 — a point prior to the hack — and learn from the experience.That said, DAOs are still very early on the adoption curve — equivalent to 56k dial-up modems on the internet timeline. This is not just because of how generally alien crypto can be, nor the complexity of choosing a DAO framework — which can be considerable — but in large part because of how legally uncertain the space is. At present, jurisdictions such as Wyoming do permit DAOs to be registered as LLCs but founders still risk the ire of securities laws if they promote a token to unaccredited investors. In theory though, any DAO that manages to fully decentralize all decisions to token holders would hold the same status as Bitcoin or Ethereum: not currently counted as securities by the SEC because of a lack of substantive control by any one person or company. Apart from that (understandable) hesitation on the part of developers to tackle the financial authorities, there are significant technical hurdles to overcome before transactions can be executed entirely collectively and be confidently beyond the scope of securities laws.

Despite these uncertainties, the DAO space is evolving at an incredible pace. This article can only cover a fraction of the projects that exist and even fewer of the novel use cases that are being built out every day. Aragon began as a dream to increase the iteration rate of governance and we can clearly see that happening today.

Developer Collectives

# **Developer Collectives**

Developers are schooled in remote collaboration through tools like Github and are the most critical resource for building Web3 infrastructure, so it’s no surprise that developers have been among the first to structure themselves a

DAOs satisfy all of the requirements of [purposeful organization as identified by EY Ireland](https://www.ey.com/en_ie/consulting/9-steps-to-become-a-purpose-led-organisation): engaged leadership, integrated purpose, clear communication, aligned incentives, empowered employees, established core values, performance indicators, and belief. DAOs can even use [KPI options](https://blog.aragon.org/kpi-options-the-future-of-daos/) to incentivize performance. [Joystream Client](https://aragon.org/client) already includes a module for raising funds, which takes crowdfunding beyond any geographical or legal barriers, and, with the world converging on a more purposeful economy, this combination of human and technological factors is an especially potent dynamic for raising and deploying capital.DAOs are especially useful in areas where the current incentive models are actively working against the goals of society. The best example of this is the realm of intellectual property (IP), which is a veritable ‘dark forest’ of misaligned incentives. Inventive companies can often find themselves challenged by professional ‘patent trolls’, who register large numbers of patents with the sole intention of enforcing vexatious claims, despite not using the patented technology themselves. Within the pharmaceutical industry, it is a perverse fact that because natural products cannot be patented, researchers are incentivized to focus their energies on creating novel compounds rather than discovering naturally occurring ones. Not only is this grossly inefficient, it also means that rainforests are only valued as lumber, rather than the living apothecaries they ought to be.History is proving once again that bureaucracy, with its information deficit and regulations, will always be out-competed by frictionless alternatives. Plumbers have a saying that “water always wins”, and DAOs are proving that if anyone tries to control the liquidity of ideas, eventually, it’ll burst its banks.Implementing a decentralized governing structure means you are giving many people a voice in the company’s future, all of whom have different perspectives. Ensuring that things move forward can feel like herding cats and feel less efficient than a centralized authority structure.Efficiency does come with costs. Leaders of companies don’t always make the right decisions. As mentioned above, when a leader leaves a position the company is heavily impacted, whereas the DAO structure allows for more resilience and flexibility.

In the DAO structure, things are typically more visible, meaning all [individual contributions](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/290803) are seen and recognized. Individuals that do an outstanding job but are modest and quiet are often not recognized in the traditional company structure as a lot of their efforts go unnoticed.

Everything is visible in Joystream, meaning that individuals don’t get overlooked and they get well-deserved recognition for bringing value to everyone else on the team.

Imagine a workplace where employees are a community of people, where individuals are more self-directed and are openly recognized for the work they do. The result is a happier and more productive workforce. If workers have a stake in the success of the company, they will produce the best quality work. This workplace culture of fairness and transparency is facilitated by DAOs.