# Write 500 Words On “Why Content Creator Should Switch To Atlas?” from Slyben

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/194](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/194)

**Slyben**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/715)

[Why Content Creators Should Switch To Atlas](https://medium.com/@slyben8/why-content-creators-should-switch-to-atlas-13b25f1fcd43)

# **Why Content Creators Should Switch To Atlas**

WHY CONTENT CREATORS SHOULD SWITCH TO ATLAS
Who Is A Content Creator?A content creator is responsible for the ideation and creation of content that connects a brand or entity to its prospective audience. Content creation encapsulates copywriting, design, production and other media that provide value and connect you to your target audience. Matching search intent and providing value (to the consumer and brandis the foundation of successful content creation.While Atlas is a tool primarily used for performing qualitative data analysis, where researchers apply codes to collections of unstructured text, it provides functionality for identifying and visualizing content that can be used for basic text analysis.

Joystream is a decentralized platform for streaming and sharing video content governed by DAO. The main goal of Joystream is to focus more on content creators, creatives and also consumers. With fairer reward distribution, censorship resistance and immunity to interventions by global entities.

Joystream ([https://www.joystream.org/](https://www.joystream.org/)) is a substrate-based protocol that aims to formalize a shared content platform. In comparison to known video platforms, it will be a DAO (decentralized autonomous organization) operated and governed by its users.Powered by Quartz, this tool has endless graphs, charts and data visualizations at the end of a simple search. It’s great for gathering background information for potential content ideas, as well as finding compelling data for content you’re currently working on. Atlas allows researchers to collect and consolidate primary data and evaluate their significance using a variety of tools. Since Atlas accepts a wide variety of tools. Since Atlas accepts a wide variety of data formats, it encourages discussing qualitative analytical connections between many different materials from images and videos to survey data to case study transcripts. It matches all related coding and memos under the same project bundle. In addition, you can export reports, data visualizations and other analyses, and the full project file in multiple formats.An advantage to Atlas is that it ingests lots of data formats. Atlas ingests many data types, including plain text, PDF, images, audio/video, geodata (including full Google Earth Integration) spreadsheet data and transcription files from software like F4/F5 and Transana. Atlas allows you to essentially highlight quotations that correspond to certain categories in qualitative data analysis, this is called coding. With your codes all set, you can create visualizations of codes and words, find patterns in your texts and more. The software Atlas is a promising strategy for conducting content analysis and the software enables researchers to store all relevant information in one place, creating greater data management, security and eliminating manual tasks. This allows researchers to spend more time with analyzing data, plus the available software tools offer more sophisticated ways of exploring the data. However, the software does not perform automated data analysis. All the relationships that are created during the analysis process are based upon the investigator’s decision. This maintains the important role of the researcher on remaining a critical analyst during all stages of the research process.