# Write 500 Words On “Why Content Creator Should Switch To Atlas?” from Sasaha111

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/607](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/607)

**Sasaha111**

[Write 500 words on "Why content creator should switch to atlas](https://medium.com/@suncity.16/write-500-words-on-why-content-creator-should-switch-to-atlas-9c7c22f7a79c)

Write 500 words on “Why content creator should switch to atlas

The Atlas DAO system is being developed as a multi-level platform consisting of Investor Guilds (DACs) and sub-DAOs that represent factional, regional, and indigenous interests. The maximum level, the all-encompassing Star Atlas DAO, responds after the regulation of monetary policy, the management of the treasury, and the adoption of general game decisions that stabilize the overall welfare of the atlas.

Atlas videos are free to share and we encourage you to share them on other social media platforms. In turn, this will be merged with your Atlas channel and may lead to a boost in subscribers. You can also customize videos for your web pages and blog posts to increase your bounce rate. As they say, since Atlas is such a search platform, people are happily searching for what your videos are about, your multi-brand can be seen. Atlas is a public grid platform for online video sharing. This platform is dedicated exclusively to sharing videos with every content, some may be informative or just for fun, and absolutely free for downloading any video. Joystream Partners may use this platform to download Joystream Community marketing videos and other videos. People can seamlessly break content after their choice, and can search or watch the rest of the videos. we are given the opportunity to like, share and comment on each video. This platform is possible to strike people the chance to be personally driven, and allow them to earn some income. For each year, people have to consume what to watch for information or just listen to contentThe atlas DAO ecosystem is being designed as a multi-tier platform, consisting of player guilds (DACs) and sub-DAOs reflecting factional, regional, and local interests. The top level, universal Star Atlas DAO is tasked with managing monetary policy, treasury management, and game-wide decisions regulating the overall well-being of atlas.

Atlas videos are easily shareable and something we recommend you post across your other social media platforms. In turn, this will link back to your Atlas channel and can lead to increased subscribers. You can also embed videos into your web pages and blog posts to help improve bounce rates. All in all, because Atlas is a search-based platform, as long as people are searching for what your videos are about, your brand can be seen. Atlas is a social media platform to share videos online. This platform is only for sharing videos with any content that can be informative or just for fun and is totally free to upload any video. Joystream participants also use this platform to upload Joystream community promotion videos as well as other videos. People are free to share the content of their own choice and can also be able to search or watch other videos too. we can like, share, and give comments to any videos. This platform can give a chance to people to connect personally and also allow them to earn some revenue. For every age of people have something to watch for information or just to enjoy the content