# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from babinov.miron

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/555](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/555)

**babinov.miron**

["What is the importance of DAOs?"](https://medium.com/@qwertpoliv149/what-is-the-importance-of-daos-8324c1d1a7ec)

“What is the importance of DAOs?”

What is DAO? DAO is a decentralized self-government organization similar to any traditional organization such as JoystreamDAO, Google, uber, etc., but the huge difference is that it is self-supporting, which means that activity and decision-making power is transferred to members crowdsourcing organizations. pool of funds. It is absolutely transparent, independent and works without the participation of a person, including its original creators. How DAOs work DAOs work using smart contracts, which are essentially pieces of code that are mechanically executed when a set of criteria is met. In real time, smart contracts are deployed on many blockchains, although Ethereum was the first to use them. These smart contracts set the rules of the DAO. What is the importance of DAO? The term DAO says a lot about the reasons for its occurrence. Firstly, we have it “decentralized” and “independent”. DAOs are not linked to any country in order to provide complete decentralization. In fact, the developers of the first DAO struggled to delegate decision-making power to members of an organization with a crowdsourced pool of funds. DAOs use blockchain to determine the voting rights of participants in proposals for the formation of an upcoming organization or planned plan. At the same time, the advantages of decentralized self-organization are also significant components of the web3 landscape. As such, DAO is a compelling choice for anyone interested in developing solutions for the latest consumer environments. DAOs do not transfer control of a business or organization to one person or group. On the contrary, control over the business and the enterprise rests with a group of followers or members of the organization. In addition, the superiority of the DAO is also highlighted by the introduction of tokens (for example, the token name for Joystream is known as tJOY), which serve as vital voting tools for various improvement proposals and protocol. A number of DAOs with famous examples such as JoystreamDAO, Curve DAO, MakerDAO, and others have encouraged many developers and business owners to opt for DAOs. Thus, DAO is a relevant and streamlined approach to doing business, because the

problem is that those who use the dials run the risk of getting into legal trouble, and all the laws regarding businesses and their corporate structures have not really been amended. . for decentralized organizations until recently. DAOs exist to provide accountability and business structure. Examples of DAOs In business, there are various groups that act as DAOs. Each group has a unique mission, rules and recommendations. Here are examples of famous DAOs: PlearsDAO: A digital art collection platform. HerStory DAO: Provides funding for various black women’s programs. Komorebi Collective DAO: Funding women and hugely gendered cryptocurrency founders. Friends with Excellence DAO: This is a unique community, the introduction to which requires payment. MetaCartel Venture DAO: an organization dedicated to investing in early-stage cryptocurrency decentralized applications. Joystream DAO: open source blockchain video platform. DAO Maker: invests in early stage crypto projects. Conclusion While DAOs may not be suitable for every business, they have many features that can make an organization’s processes more efficient. Transparent, immutable and trustless smart contracts make the DAO model the best for many organizations. Every day, this Ethereum development project continues to improve and its future looks bright. Advantages of the DAO: Forced closing of voting is unrealistic. It is unrealistic to remove the proposed voting option. To believe or not to trust? In the DAO, each token holder makes their own decision and votes for the chosen option. Forced to vote is unrealistic. Every token holder makes a decision. DAO is just beginning its journey in the modern world. Joystream can catch the wave of technological improvement and become a famous decentralized organization in its direction and give impetus to the emergence of new and current infrastructure.