# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from Sasaha111

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/603](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/603)

**Sasaha111**

[500 words on "What is the importance of DAOs](https://medium.com/@suncity.16/500-words-on-what-is-the-importance-of-daos-e31492b91854)

# **500 words on “What is the importance of DAOs**

Decentralized Self-Operating Organizations, or DAOs, are online organizations that are collectively owned and run by their members. DAO is a new and productive approach to managing an organization. More and more programs are related to DAO, such as Uniswap, Apecoin, Joystream and many others. DAO actually solves a lot of nuances and problematic tasks. Let’s find out what is the significance of DAO. DAO is a new approach to managing an organization that helps overcome the shortcomings of traditional business structures. DAO is the result of typical business schemes in which control of a company is held by a small group of people, and occasionally even by one person. This approach has many disadvantages, for example, it does not take into account the judgments of all members of the organization. An independent decentralized organization does not have a hierarchical structure; consequently, a separate group or control center cannot make decisions that ignore the interests of other participants. DAO, on the contrary, helps to consider the judgment of each participant and vote for the upcoming Planned plan that has tokens of this blockchain. The DAO relies on the community to make decisions: any participant can propose improvements to the decentralized protocol, and if they are voted for by the rest of the community, they will be accepted. Full automation of blockchain systems allows voting with provable honesty and executing the decisions of the members of the organization. One of the most important theses of the DAO is the lack of hierarchy and decentralization: all participants are equally investors, co-founders and contributors. Transparency is also one of FAO’s core messages: open source code available to anyone. On the blockchain, anyone can view history to see how decisions were made. Blockchain provides this transparency. DAO allows you to save. DAO is a decentralized organization. It can be used to get rid of management personnel by automating systems. In conclusion, planned plan coordinators can save on salaries. DAO is also characterized by independence and high speed of work due to system automation. With the DAO, there is no need to wait for the secretary to process the request and discover exciting information for operations. Automation of the system allows you to quickly make decisions and resolve issues. Also, in decentralized independent systems, there is a very low percentage of errors due to the lack of a human factor. DAO users don’t need to fear that some absent-minded administrator will handle transactions abnormally. One of the features and significance of the DAO is accessibility, i.e. becoming a member of the DAO is easier than, for example, getting a seat on the board of directors of a classical organization. DAOs allow companies to create quality systems to solve business problems in other ways. Because of this, conventional organizations can absolutely abandon the hierarchical structure in favor of DAOs, which can save money, simplify and speed up many processes, and remove the difficulties associated with trusting a centralized approach. True, the DAO is still progressing, it is absolutely possible that in the future there will be platforms that will be able to partially or even completely replace many existing organizations. With DAO, a new and efficient order of governance is created, and blockchain projects achieve flawless decentralization. By transacting on their own with the support of smart contracts, DAOs offer a host of benefits to all stakeholders, as well as allowing decisions to be made that can be rewarded accordingly as the DAO grows. Solving their difficulties, more and more traditional organizations are struggling to implement decentralized management in their business in order to automate and increase the productivity of certain aspects of their activities. To sum up, the most basic and fundamental value of the DAO is that it helps to eliminate and circumvent all the shortcomings of traditional organizations. FAO is our upcoming, ultra-efficient classic business model tool to improve our performance. ■ In the judgment of many people with vast crypto programming skills, DAOs are obligated to devote the bulk of their time and resources to keeping their code “clean” and harmless. Fraudsters are on the alert and are constantly trying to find vulnerabilities in the codes of successful projects. Speaking of good plans! As an example of a real DAO and the correct method for its production, consider Joysrteam. A decentralized video platform powered by its own $JOY token. The project was created over a long period of time, gradually gaining people interested in its triumph. By completing test tasks, Genesis selects the most creative, brilliant and tech-savvy participants. Of which DAO Joystream will consist when the project enters the market in full force. You can read more about this at the sources yourself.