# Write 500 Words On “Transformation Of DAOs” from Cassandra3690

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/690](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/690)

**Cassandra3690**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1592)

[Write 500 Words On "Transformation Of DAOs"](https://medium.com/@cassandrasmithen/write-500-words-on-transformation-of-daos-7073502dad87)

# **Write 500 Words On “Transformation Of DAOs”**

It’s difficult to understand just how revolutionary Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs) are unless you’ve attempted to navigate financial regulation, set up a payroll or establish a charity. The latter can take years and involve recruiting trustees, choosing an organizational structure, writing a governing document and getting approval from the national Charity Commission with supporting documents and proof of income. In contrast, a fully-operational Joystream with a transparent treasury and direct democracy of all members is a sovereign digital jurisdiction, which can be funding projects within 5 minutes. DAOs are not government-subsidized like charities, but what might be added by subsidies can be subtracted multiple times over in time and administration costs. As society grasps just how easy it is to self-organize in this way, we will see a Cambrian explosion of activity that will do for organizations what the internet did for communication.

The history of DAOs began inauspiciously in 2016 when Slock.it launched ‘TheDAO’ on Ethereum as a way to coordinate investment in, and governance of, a treasury of $theDAO tokens. By the end of the 4-week sale, $150m worth of $ETH had been deposited in exchange for 1.2bn tokens, priced at 0.01 $ETH each. With hindsight, this was an unbearable weight to be placed on such young shoulders: Solidity — the language that TheDAO smart contract was written in — was only a few months old and lacked the documentation and battle-testing needed to be production-ready. On June 17, 2016, attackers used a recursive call to execute a ‘re-entrancy exploit ’ and drained 30% of the treasury funds. In the aftermath, the Ethereum community decided to fork the blockchain from block 1,920,000 — a point prior to the hack — and learn from the experience.

5 years on from TheDAO hack, Solidity has accrued decades of developer time and is used in millions of smart contracts to manage over $100bn in funds. At a protocol level, the sophistication of the space already exceeds traditional finance in the sense that certain operations such as [flash loans](https://aave.com/flash-loans/) have no comparable analogue outside of Decentralized Finance (DeFi). DAOs are also superior in application, being customizable to all flavors of governance and voting. Any isomorphism between them is more likely to be driven by normative factors such as proven best practice to attract liquidity and capital, rather than any legal impositions or technological restrictions.

That said, DAOs are still very early on the adoption curve — equivalent to 56k dial-up modems on the internet timeline. This is not just because of how generally alien crypto can be, nor the complexity of choosing a DAO framework — which can be considerable — but in large part because of how legally uncertain the space is. At present, jurisdictions such as Wyoming do permit DAOs to be registered as LLCs but founders still risk the ire of securities laws if they promote a token to unaccredited investors. In theory though, any DAO that manages to fully decentralize all decisions to token holders would hold the same status as Bitcoin or Ethereum: not currently counted as securities by the SEC because of a lack of substantive control by any one person or company. Apart from that (understandable) hesitation on the part of developers to tackle the financial authorities, there are significant technical hurdles to overcome before transactions can be executed entirely collectively and be confidently beyond the scope of securities laws.

Despite these uncertainties, the DAO space is evolving at an incredible pace. This article can only cover a fraction of the projects that exist and even fewer of the novel use cases that are being built out every day. Aragon began as a dream to increase the iteration rate of governance and we can clearly see that happening today.

Developer Collectives

# **Developer Collectives**

Developers are schooled in remote collaboration through tools like Github and are the most critical resource for building Web3 infrastructure, so it’s no surprise that developers have been among the first to structure themselves a

DAOs satisfy all of the requirements of [purposeful organization as identified by EY Ireland](https://www.ey.com/en_ie/consulting/9-steps-to-become-a-purpose-led-organisation): engaged leadership, integrated purpose, clear communication, aligned incentives, empowered employees, established core values, performance indicators, and belief. DAOs can even use [KPI options](https://blog.aragon.org/kpi-options-the-future-of-daos/) to incentivize performance. [Joystream Client](https://aragon.org/client) already includes a module for raising funds, which takes crowdfunding beyond any geographical or legal barriers, and, with the world converging on a more purposeful economy, this combination of human and technological factors is an especially potent dynamic for raising and deploying capital.DAOs are especially useful in areas where the current incentive models are actively working against the goals of society. The best example of this is the realm of intellectual property (IP), which is a veritable ‘dark forest’ of misaligned incentives. Inventive companies can often find themselves challenged by professional ‘patent trolls’, who register large numbers of patents with the sole intention of enforcing vexatious claims, despite not using the patented technology themselves. Within the pharmaceutical industry, it is a perverse fact that because natural products cannot be patented, researchers are incentivized to focus their energies on creating novel compounds rather than discovering naturally occurring ones. Not only is this grossly inefficient, it also means that rainforests are only valued as lumber, rather than the living apothecaries they ought to be.History is proving once again that bureaucracy, with its information deficit and regulations, will always be out-competed by frictionless alternatives. Plumbers have a saying that “water always wins”, and DAOs are proving that if anyone tries to control the liquidity of ideas, eventually, it’ll burst its banks.thanks.