# Write 500 Words On “History And Achievements Of DAOs” from Katya

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/537](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/537)

**Katya**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1585)

[History and achievements of DAOs](https://medium.com/@malinka15021990/history-and-achievements-of-daos-cc5eb7165c40)

# **History and achievements of DAOs**

DAO is a decentralized organization that is managed by smart contracts. Smart contracts are responsible for organizing work tasks, organizing financial transactions, and accounting for the votes of all participants.DAO emerged about nine years ago. Initially, the founder of the EOS blockchain platform, Dan Larimer, coined the term “DAC”, a decentralized autonomous corporation. He said that this is a structure whose rules are determined by the source code. Later, programmer Vitaly Buterin continued to develop this idea, suggesting that the code base can determine all the operations of the organization, its goals and objectives.As time passed, the first DAO appeared — the DAO. It was a decentralized analogue of a crowdfunding platform, and an autonomous venture fund, which was already managed according to the principles of the DAO, namely, collectively by all investors. The startup Slock.it was behind the development of the project.DAO already had the main key features of modern DAOs. It had four important characteristics:• availability. Anyone who owned the DAO token could join the management of the organization;• flexibility. The possibility of voting by participants allowed to take into account all proposals for the development of the organization• profit. The organization was profitable. Profits were directed to the development of the project or given to participants;• fair management model. DAO token holders participated in the voting and their votes were taken into account in various internal projects and organization of operations within the company.It was this DAO that laid the foundation for the further development of the concept. As of today, decentralized autonomous organizations dominate today’s blockchain and cryptocurrency space. The most famous decentralized organization is the Maker DAO, the leading decentralized exchanges Uniswap, Compound and SushiSwap are also decentralized and rely on governance tokens. Other DeFi platforms such as Yearn, Aave, Curve Finance, and Badger DAO are also DAOs.When it comes to DAO, this is just the tip of the iceberg. New projects are constantly being launched. DAOs serving various areas of Web 3.0. For example, Elon Musk’s brother recently launched a DAO that addresses global food issues. In the fashion world, Red DAO supports digital fashion designers. For example, most recently the DAO purchased items for the Dolce & Gabanna NFT auction. Also a cool breakthrough in the video world, DAO is the Joystream video platform, where you can watch videos and encourage other video creators. There are no directors here, everyone here is the owner. Others are focused on supporting the adoption and growth of Web 3.0. Groups like DreamerDAO and PadawanDAO support their community by funding conferences and other crypto events.Admirers of the DAO model believe that they DAO leads to the newest level of social coordination within companies, namely, the removal of the need for leadership. By grouping in the DAO, people have the opportunity to jointly participate in a common mission, create, distribute and receive resources. Thanks to this, many different goals and issues are solved. Crypto experts believe that there will continue to be a breakthrough in the development and formation of the DAO and it will become a “breakthrough technology” in the field of corporate management.