# Write 500 Words On “What Is The Importance Of DAOs?” from liskis87

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/683](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/683)

**liskis87**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1711)

[What Is The Importance Of DAOs?](https://medium.com/@liskis87123/what-is-the-importance-of-daos-233118e3b746)

# **What Is The Importance Of DAOs?**

Hello cryptoworld! Today I want to share with you my thoughts on the importance of DAO. I also want to thank #Joystream for the opportunity.DAO is a specific form of organization in which the coordination of activities between participants is carried out without centralized control, but using automatic algorithms. In the crypto industry, the work of DAO is usually based on smart contracts, so the real infrastructure for DAO appeared thanks to Ethereum. Today, when Ethereum has many alternatives, it is possible to build a DAO on any blockchain that supports smart contracts.Among the clear advantages of decentralized autonomous systems are such parameters as decentralization and transparency.DAO is decentralized and does not require trust in intermediaries or protocol due to open source.As already mentioned, in an autonomous decentralized organization there is no hierarchical ladder, so a separate group or control center cannot make decisions, ignoring the interests of other participants.The second undoubted plus is autonomy. Once launched, the protocol runs without intervention from the authorities. Users make transactions, and the smart contract monitors the fulfillment of the obligations of the parties. If one of the parties does not fulfill the terms of the transaction, it will not be completed.An important aspect in the work of DAO is the speed of decision making. The user proposes changes and the community either approves or rejects them. The time allotted for making a decision is determined by the minutes, and can also be changed by voting.Since the DAO model does not assume a centralized hierarchy, it relies on alternative approaches such as token-based membership. Typically, these governance tokens can be freely bought and sold on decentralized exchanges, or earned by providing liquidity or computing power for mining or staking. In any case, by holding governance tokens, you get access to voting, which determines the organization’s development strategy.New business models will require large groups of employees to be encouraged to work together. DAO allows you to create such large-scale collaborative structures. This can be achieved by issuing tokens on the public blockchain. In addition, it is much faster and more efficient to transfer these tokens, which allows you to store small and short-term assets.In a corporation, decisions are largely limited to board members and corporate executives. This limits both the number and frequency of decision making and the variety of information that can guide those decisions. In a DAO environment, decisions can be made based on information from any conceivable group, with much more configuration flexibility. For example, a DAO can be set up so that all token holders can vote on decisions ranging from how to spend funds, who to hire, or even much smaller decisions. These voices can be customized in almost any way.DAOs allow you to exchange your funds with anyone around the world. This can be done in the form of loans, investments, charitable gifts and more.The concept of Decentralized Autonomous Business (DAO) is certainly interesting as it aims to fix everything that was wrong in the management of modern organizations. Every investment in a well-structured DAO can lead to an organization. There is no hierarchical structure where everyone can come up with an innovative concept and the entire organization will consider it. They leave no room for debate because they have a set of pre-written rules that every investor knows about before joining an organization, as well as a voting method.I hope this article was useful and exciting for you, and also helped new participants in the crypto world to expand their knowledge about DAO!Always your Liskis87!