# Write 500 Words On “What Are The Issues Of DAOs?” from Sasaha111

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/600](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/600)

**Sasaha111**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1506)

[500 words on "What are the issues of DAOs](https://medium.com/@suncity.16/500-words-on-what-are-the-issues-of-daos-2367189925b7)

500 words on “What are the issues of DAOs

JOYSTREAM VIDEO PLATFORM Cryptocurrencies were first made. From the fact that absolutely no one wants to accept BTC or ETH for a loaf of bread, NFTs were made. The COVID pandemic created a crisis of loneliness, NFTs helped make online communities that grew, progressed and needed organization. The logical next step is decentralized self-governing organizations (DAOs). DAO is how people come together as a group to make decisions in the digital world. They do it with the support of 2 main tools. First, the rules that govern the organization are expressed as a series of digital IF/THEN statements, which are then encoded naturally on the blockchain (making them both verifiable and permanent). Second, voting shares are issued to stakeholders in the form of “digital governance tokens” that are also registered on the blockchain. This approach theoretically replaces both the legal nonsense of today’s organizations (the rules are coded) and their hierarchical nature (everyone has a voice). In the DAO, your pay is determined by your peers. The DAO is trying to innovate the way people are paid. If one organization (market, team, committee, management…) decides on wages, this would be centralization and, therefore, unacceptable for the crypto community. Exciting ideas are being tested instead, but the way the communities are doing it emphasizes the privilege of people working on decentralized plans. Today, pay revolves around a set of major issues. Should wages be market wages? Role-playing? With value? Through employment? Established on ethics? Are they guaranteed? Localized? Negotiable? Secret or transparent? Single, variable, multilevel? Is it adjusted every year? adjusted for the market? Are increases allowed? If so, are they required to be based on experience or skill? Related to productivity? Inflation? DAOs cannot answer many of these questions. In the DAO, decisions are made by voting. Tokens issued to DAO stakeholders for services rendered have two functions. They act as expensive stocks that can be traded and as decision ballots within an organization. I just described the public company stock doctrine, but don’t talk about it to the Web3 mob; they get upset. Offers are usually made on the thesis “should we invest in G or J”, “should we build on blockchain B or E”, “should we allow person Y to take part” … Usually, a set is required to accept an offer. The voice of those who hold the most tokens is made louder by the fact that DAOs tend to use a system of “one token = one vote” instead of “one person = one vote”. In the thesis, this means that the people who own the most tokens have a chance to lose more due to poor management decisions and, therefore, are more attracted. In practice, I think this is a method for founders to retain control. DAOs do not have personnel, health insurance, or legal rank. DAOs are new doctrines with a vague legal rank in most of the states in which they operate. They also forgo well-defined roles, opting for the idea of ”arising” in the presentation of the work. These two facts ensure that a huge part of the society will not be able to take part in the DAO (too dangerous). This leads to several external results. *Without the equivalent of Human Resources, the organization lacks arbitrators. In this way, strife can grow and factions can easily form. This is why the DAO struggles to reach a large number of people beyond the topics mentioned above. The trust and transparency required for collaboration can only be achieved when colleagues have an identical value system. By comparison, a corporation does not need to be trusted. He has contracts. DAOs Provide Unconditional Transparency I’m sure there are many benefits to having an organization’s decisions and work posted on the blockchain for the public to see (?). But I also see two immediate drawbacks to the attraction to transparency at all costs. First, linking a wallet to a DAO means that anyone and everyone can see every transaction, ideally with that wallet. In other words, imagine if all your employees could see every transaction going in and out of your bank account, because that’s also the one your organization sends your paycheck to. This would lead to chaos. It would be possible to solve this problem by having different wallets, but it seems that today we do not have such a difficulty. Second, and more significantly, the nature of DAOs means that their stakeholders are vulnerable to off-chain enforcement. The followers of cryptography are ready for fraud. They often show shortsightedness, low social literacy (if judged by my personal messages), high risk tolerance, and are very persuasive. I believe the DAO has a future, from what