# Write 500 Words On “What Are The Issues Of DAOs?” from vladiv

### **From** [https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/483](https://dao.joystream.org/#/bounty/preview/483)

**vladiv**

[Joystream Governance App](https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/1402)

[What are the issues of DAOs?](https://medium.com/@kkddd743/what-are-the-issues-of-daos-1f9eb5a90283)

# **What are the issues of DAOs?**

What are the issues of DAOs?As in any organization, the DAO has its own issues, here are those that we decided to highlight. With the pros of DAO in decentralization, members of an organization can express their voice for the organization’s future. Many of you may point out that DAOs are not completely decentralized due to the DAO tokens. How? Well, members with more DAO tokens are likely to have more voting privileges. However, the voting power is distributed significantly more in comparison to traditional organizations with centralized leadership.Another downsides of DAO is that they are vulnerable to attacks. Since anyone can look at the code it also means attackers can look at it. If these attackers know intimately how the code works they can then reverse engineer the attacks. Even test the code before deploying it to make sure that their code works if it does the DAO could be attacked.One more downside that we have found is that there’s no business secrets so research and development is usually corporate information that corporations have spent a lot of money and time on without any significant return. Now they do this in hopes that one day it’ll pay off and the payoff will be big because no other company has their advantage. In a dow though business secrets are difficult to keep secret since the code is all open source and really anyone can look at how the DAO is set up.Another disadvantage of DAO, but at the same time, an advantage is that it is absolutely impersonal and does not take into account the advantage of the experience of individual participants in certain issues during voting. For example, the issue of voting can be purely technical, related to writing code, and people who absolutely do not understand this will vote for it, and vice versa, technical specialists who have the right to vote will make decisions on management issues that they do not understand at all.Legal issues of DAO. The DAO’s structure attempts to emulate the behavior of a crowdfunding business entity, and allows its investors to choose how The DAO will invest the collective ether (ETH) contributions among specific target projects.The idea and structure of The DAO presents significant legal challenges. Specifically, courts will be forced to grapple with the implications of a web of contracts imitating an entity, instead of a legally incorporated entity.The law is simply unprepared for DAOs. However, based upon the structure of The DAO, it is foreseeable that the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) would view its tokens purchased by investors as a security or investment contract, subject to its jurisdiction.The voting system implemented for The DAO is likewise problematic due to its mixed incentives and propensity to depress the value of ETH and its own tokens. Because investment in The DAO is laden with risk and seems to implicate SEC jurisdiction, The DAO may attract regulatory attention.Joystream, in turn, is working to overcome the maximum number of problems associated with the DAO. I start by attracting to my community for the most part professionals in their industries who can make thoughtful and correct decisions in the project, to protect my code from possible attacks as much as possible, using all possible protections, and ending with the legal certainty of Joystream.