# Council #11 Stand-ups

## 06/06/2022

Participants: @freakstatic @Kirillmagicpie @IgreX @abramaria_ 

Guests: @songoku @eclipsingbinary 

Duration: 60 minutes

## Topics Discussed

- Assigned each working groups to a council member
- Overview of the work plan for the week
- Walk-though of the council activities (including: fill the reports, stand-ups, Notion pages, deadlines, where is the necessary information stored for council’s work) for a new Council member, Maria.

## **Action Items:**

@all: fill the Term & Goals Priorities for the Working groups

@freakstatic: review the workflow

@freakstatic: update the rules document

@IgreX: fill the budget information in the plan

## 07/06/2022

Participants: @freakstatic @Kirillmagicpie @abramaria_ @lkskrn 

Duration: 30 minutes

## Topics Discussed

- Discussed Terms Goals and Group Priorities of working groups
- Workflow - went through the main tasks and deadlines
- Example of some tasks that need to be discussed with the Leads to improve the results of the group

## **Action Items:**

@all: fill the Term & Goals Priorities for the Working groups in the plan

@all: working with Leads to improve plans

@freakstatic: submit the plan

# 08/06/2022

Participants: @freakstatic @Kirillmagicpie @abramaria_ @lkskrn @IgreX 

Duration: 25 minutes

### **Topics Discussed:**

- Discuss the council plan
    - The council should work with the leads, to make sure they address the items in the plan to improve the scores.
    - It’s necessary to create a proposal to official submit with the plan of the working groups.
    - It’s necessary to apply the budget increases to the working group budgets.
- The council should remind the leads about the deadlines (now more focus on the summary and in the report)
- Discussed the workflow and what the council should take as a ground for the plan of the specific Working Group - Scores and Working Group Summary of the previous term.

## Action Items:

@Kirillmagicpie & @abramaria_: Create the Update Working group Budget proposals

@Kirillmagicpie: Create a proposal with all the working group plans

@freakstatic : update the report rules document

@all: make the leads aware of the Goals & Terms priorities defined in the plan

# 09/06/2022

Participants: @freakstatic @IgreX @abramaria_ 

Duration: 53 minutes

## **Topics Discussed:**

- Lead hiring themselves as workers
    - Advantages:
        - The amount comes from the working group budget
        - Gives more flexibility to the lead
    - Disadvantages:
        - Less work for newcomers - the lead should try to delegate the “extra work” to workers
        - It’s not easy to track the amount of work that was done and how much is the “hour rate”.
        - It’s very error prone since is not possible to limit the amount of blocks or the amount that a worker will receive
- Alternatives of lead hiring themselves
    - Funding proposals
        - Advantages:
            - More clearly the relation between the work done and the amount paid
        - Disadvantages:
            - The amount comes from the council budget and not from the working group budget
    - Discretionary spending
        - Disadvantages:
            - Doesn’t give JOY allocation
- Changes to the working group summary template
    - Add table to be filled with the amount of hours each worker as done
    - Update it to include all the items of the scope defined [here](https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring#working-group-summary)
    
    ## Action Items:
    
    @abramaria_: update the working group summary template
    
    @freakstatic: update working group reports rules
    
    @freakstatic: remind the leads about the current deadlines 
    
    @freakstatic: make a forum thread to discuss ways of leads being compensated for “extra work”
    
    # 10/06/2022
    
    Participants: @freakstatic @Kirillmagicpie  @abramaria_ @lkskrn 
    
    Duration: 40 minutes
    
    ## **Topics Discussed:**
    
    - Changes of the working group summary template
    - Task assignment for the council summary report
    - Sync of status of the working groups
        - Curator lead is trying to improve the logs
        - Storage & DIstributors group are working on the elasticsearch integration
    
    ## Action Items:
    
    @lkskrn: fill the proposal for the report
    
    @Kirillmagicpie & @freakstatic: fill the budget part of the report
    
    @IgreX: fill the hirings of the builders group
    
    @abramaria_: finish the working group summary
    
    # 11/06/2022
    
    Participants: @abramaria_ @Kirillmagicpie 
    
    Duration: 15 minutes
    
    ## **Topics Discussed:**
    
    - Working group Summary
    - Work plans for tomorrow - reports
    
    ## Action Items:
    
    @all verify if all the lead have already submitted a summary
    
    @all: remember the lead to submit the report until ~~Saturday around 23:00~~ Sunday 17:00 CET