# DAO Roadmap - v1

- 2023 Q4
    - Staking module for Pioneer
        - A user friendly dashboard for staking and nominating that will make it far easier to identify verified validators to stake tokens towards for rewards.
    - More exchanges
        - Outreach & discussions with additional cryptocurrency exchanges to provide users with more options for trading the $JOY token.
    - Infographics & Educational Content
        - Development of infographics and educational content to provide easier and more varied ways for new users to learn about the platform
    - Joystream Discord Tip Bot
        - Discord bot that will enable users within the Joystream Discord community to send tips
    - Stablecoin Treasury
        - Building a stablecoin treasury that is managed by a multisig group of representatives that Joystream’s council have elected.
    - Bounties Program
        - Creation and management of bounties encompassing a variety of interest areas to get new users involved with the project
    - Creator Ambassador Program
        - (LEET_JOY to provide input)
    - Mobile design for Pioneer
        - A responsive web design (RWD) for Pioneer that will allow it to be more easily accessed via smartphones and tablets.
    - Pioneer Email Notifications
        - Email notifications for on-chain events, like election stages or forum mentions can greatly enhance user interactivity with Pioneer and Joystream in general.
    - Content Delivery Improvements - V1
        - The first in a set of incremental improvements aimed at increasing the speed and reliability of content delivery to users. This will also include tooling to measure the speed of the current content delivery network (CDN) infrastructure so that it can be further improved upon in later iterations.
    - Gleev Recommended Content - V1
        - Improving the landing page experience for Gleev users so that more varied and higher quality content is given preference.
- 2024 Q1
    - Joystream Project Overview Dashboard
        - A purpose built data-driven dashboard to explain the project’s current status, growth and market positioning. This will be on the main project website and make it easy & quick for people to understand how the platform is going.
    - Subscan Block Explorer Improvements - V1
        - The first set of improvements to increase the functionality of our block explorer to include data from our governance and working group modules
    - Pioneer Financials Page - V1
        - A module for Pioneer that will show the current financials of the DAO, which will include spending and accounting of the council and each working group.
    - Content Curator Tooling
        - Improved tooling for our Content Curator Working Group that will allow for them to better handle the large amount of uploads they manage each day.
    - Wallet Implementations
    - Implementations with external wallet providers such as hardware & software wallet providers (Tangem, Ledger)
    - Automated Thumbnail Generation
        - Automatic creation of thumbnails when users upload videos to Gleev or Atlas enabling a more seamless upload experience for content creators.
    - Forum & Proposal label system
        - A labeling system that will help to link together the hundreds of proposals and forum threads that our governance system has already generated. This will make navigation and sharing information significantly improved.
    - Governance Tooling
        - Tooling and the creation of scripts to enable our elected Council Members and Working Groups be capable of generating budget and other reports more easily.
    - Joystream CLI Improvements
        - Various quality of life improvements to our command-line interface (CLI) tool that will allow for work on the DAO to be completed more easily.
- 2024 Q2
    - dApp Operator & Developer Grants & Support
        - Set up of grants to attract dApp operators and developers to the Joystream ecosystem with a goal of building up the ways of accessing content on the Joystream platform.
    - Non-video Content Uploads
        - Improvements to the current upload system which will enable users to upload audio, podcasts and image files.
    - Premium Video Comments & Tips
        - Add functionality for users to leave comments on videos with a tip attached to them that will be sent to the channel owner. This will also enable functionality for users to tip channels and videos directly.
    - DAO Creator Channel Payout tooling improvements
        - Improvements to the tooling for our Channel Payout Proposal feature which will allow for the DAO to coordinate rewards to channel owners more regularly and at a larger scale.
    - Pioneer Working Group Management
        - Adds functionality to Pioneer which allow for our working groups to create and manage job openings, hire and fire workers as well as adjust worker salaries more easily. This will reduce the technical knowledge required to use the DAO and increase the appeal of Joystream in areas such as marketing and outreach.
    - Joystream / Ethereum Bridging Solution
        - Development & deployment of a bridging solution on Joystream that will allow for interoperability with Ethereum
- 2024 Q3
    - Bounties Module
        - Development & deployment of an on-chain bounty management module that will enable bounties to be posted and crowdfunded by users including oracle selection and reward splitting. The council will also have the unique feature of being able to fund bounties that it selects for being of benefit to the platform.
    - Smartphone App for Atlas/Gleev
        - Development of a progressive web app for Atlas/Gleev that will allow for the app to be installed on user’s smartphones without having to go through appstores.
    - NFT Improvements - V1
        - The first in a series of improvements for our NFT functionality which will include the ability to make offers for unlisted NFTs, hide/unhide NFTs, “add NFTs to cart” as well as send NFTs to other users directly.
    - Staking Nomination Pools
        - Implementation of on-chain nomination pools which will allow for users to far more easily and quickly stake the $JOYSTREAM token for pooled rewards from other users. This will also provide an important revenue stream for wallet developers and make the Joystream project more attractive to be featured on wallets.
- 2024 Q4
    - Joystream SDK
        - The development of a Joystream SDK that will allow for outside developers to more easily use the Joystream platform and build and customize apps and integrations.
    - Video Communities / No-tech App creation
        - This feature will allow for users to more easily create app-like experiences on the Joystream platform and not require specialist server or developer expertise.
    - Premium Content Gating Features
        - This feature will allow for content creators to restrict access for content to users unless they pay a fee.
    - Multiple Video Resolutions
        - Support for multiple video resolutions on content that will provide a more seamless playback experience on a variety of devices.
    - Metamask Snap Development
        - The development of a “Metamask Snap” plugin that will enable Joystream assets to be usable by Metamask users.