# CWG summary

### Report of the group of curators. Term 9

## **1. Current group composition**

- Lead: @IgreX
- Curator: @ferdikesh_studio
- Curator: @Kira_skipper
- Curator: @Арсений Степаненко
- Curator: @Counsellor
- Curator: @Prontera

With no changing yet.

## **2. Budget for the Term**

- Planned budget: **64,70 K Joy.**
- Actual budget: **101,375 K Joy (all payment).**

In the last off-plan term, I rewarded Kira for emergency review of 559 videos (instead of Arseny) and practically zeroed out @Арсений Степаненко salary from April 22 (1E-10 Joy/block) .
The consuls have decided to reward the first 15 users who join the YPP program with 3k Joy (45k Joy in total).

I also [paid](https://discord.com/channels/811216481340751934/812344710710296646/1100317806458847333) the creators of 4 videos that the group of curators identified as deserving of the [CRP](../../Content%20Rewards%20Policy%20f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a.md) award.
In the next term, I raise the salary of @Counsellor and @Prontera for their work to 518 Joy/day. I fired @Арсений Степаненко and going to hire one curator with a starting salary of 259.2 Joy/day.
As part of the [CRP](../../Content%20Rewards%20Policy%20f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a.md), I will award the authors of 6 videos of category A (6k Joy)

## **3. Work status for the Term**

First priority:

- The main work of curating videos, channels and metadata (resources) in [Gleev](https://gleev.xyz/) and [l1.media](https://l1.media/)
- Work with [[Content Rewards Policy](../../Content%20Rewards%20Policy%20f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a.md)]  Term.
- **Failed** [OKR](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMaVGcaY=/) in which all channels not in sync with YouTube are reviewed by curators for compliance with the Content Reward Policy for more than 48 hours after the first video was posted (was a day late due to no response from the curator). **Measures taken**.

Second priority:

- Kira received an extra payout of 3k Joy (planned to allocate 5k)
- The authors of 4 videos within the CRP were rewarded

## **4. Extra items**

- All videos are verified. No prohibited content. Quality content began to appear.