# 20th Term Council Handover meeting

Agenda: Agenda:
Council #19
• summary
• recommendations
Working groups

• Term 19  reports
• Term 20 plans

Topics for discussions
• Q4 OKRs integration (discussion on group-wise term OKRs)
• SWG/DWG compensation model (review https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/505, discuss pros/cons, suggest improvements)
• Gnosis SAFE - introduce and discuss the refill process
• NARA upgrade (discuss council stake increase )
• HRWG (do we need extra hires for creators' support?)
Tags: Council, Governance, OKRs, Plans, WG Leads, Working Groups
Date: October 2, 2023
Recording: N/A
Venue: Community Voice 1 channel
Status: Done
Duration: 2 hours
Moderator: @Codefikeyz 
Attendance: Codefikeyz
Genius
MayorTee
Songoku
Tomato
Vikan
Yasir
Igrex
Klauduisz
0x2bc
Spat_sochi
Thegrimsavage
Leet_Joy
Transcript: N/A

## Meeting Note

**Council #19**

- **Summary:** This meeting covered several important topics, including the OTC deal discussion (which was rejected), agreement on OKRs for Q4, a discussion on inflation, and discussions about runtime upgrades and infrastructure working groups' salary.

**Recommendations:**

- Keep a vigilant eye on tokenomics.
- Monitor the EMA 30 price.
- Ensure the treasury is adequately filled.
- Consider shutting down the Apps working group.
- Review and implement Q4 OKRs and assess the Q3 OKRs.

### Working Groups Updates

**Marketing Working Group**

- Progress made on the Ambassadorship program design.
- A productive call with the MMs team.
- Ongoing efforts in outreach.
- Preparations for YPP v2, including reaching out to affiliate marketers.
- Contact established with Tangem hardware wallet.

**Content Working Group**

- Introduced a reward program for the NFT scheme starter.
- Welcomed a new curator after completing their training.
- Noted a decrease in the number of videos uploaded this term.

**Forum Working Group**

- Managed 21 new threads, 159 new posts, and identified 26 stale proposals.

**Distribution Working Group**

- Collected statistics on end users' perception of the distribution.
- Ensured all workers were updated to the latest Argus version.

**Storage Working Group**

- Proposed a different compensation plan.

**Builders Working Group**

- The validator page is in its final stages.
- Improved council report scripts.
- Completed Discord role bots.
- Worked on pioneer improvements, including emojis and reactions.

**HR Working Group**

- Made improvements in conducting meetings.
- Developed a lead scoring system prototype.
- Proposed a bounty process v1 pre-proposal and sought feedback.

### Topics for Discussions

- Integration of Q4 OKRs, with a focus on group-wise term OKRs.
- Review and discussion of the SWG/DWG compensation model, considering pros/cons and suggesting improvements.
- Exploration of Yasir's compensation plan accounting for storage space.
- Consideration of regional factors for worker compensation.
- Introduction and discussion of the Gnosis SAFE refill process.
- Deliberation on hiring a worker to execute trades on behalf of the DAO.
- Discussion regarding the NARA upgrade, specifically the increase in council stake and its objectives.
- Evaluation of the need for additional hires to support creators within HRWG.

**End of Session**