# 22nd Council Handover Meeting

Agenda: Agenda:
Council #21
- summary
- recommendations
Working groups
- Term 21 reports
Discussion
- DAO treasury
- Q4 OKR Status
- Query Node Issue impact
Tags: Council, Governance, OKRs, WG Leads, Working Groups
Date: October 31, 2023
Recording: N/A
Venue: Community Voice 1 channel
Status: Done
Duration: 1hour +
Moderator: @Codefikeyz 
Attendance: Mayor Tee
Codefikeys
Vikan
Jemuel
Khlaudiusz
Siemma
Tariqul
Chaos77
0x2bc
Leet_joy
Songoku
Spat_ Sochi
Hanzo hazashi
Igrex
Yasir
Xandrell
Transcript: N/A

## Meeting Note

---

### **Agenda:**

### **Council summary**

- Listed on bitget.
- Achieved a milestone of 20k memberships.
- Witnessed a surge in YPP sign-ups in different regions.
- Recognized and rewarded Bronze channels.
- Upgraded distribution nodes.
- Plans for integrating builders into the backend development of Joystream.
- Apps WG put on hold, and lead terminated.
- Surveys from HRWG in connection to OKRs.
- Surge in membership sign-ups.

### **Working Group Update**

**Marketing Working Group:**

- Implemented content strategy improvements.
- Produced high-quality tutorial videos.
- Adjusted the Ambassadorship program.
- Initiated outreach to other projects.
- Published social media content on Twitter and other platforms.
- Compiled a table of current Joystream and Gleev-related videos.
- Reviewed submissions for verification pages.
- Analyzed access for YPP landing page and researched conversion rates.
- Held a call with YPP team to propose improvements.
- Created a video explainer on how to join the YPP program.
- Conducted market-making research and tested promising options.
- Experienced growth in DEBANK.

**Builders Working Group:**

- Underwent a change of scope in design.
- Added a few more metrics to the Dapploker dashboard at the request of SWG.
- Finalized Pioneer email metrics.
- Nearly completed the mobile version of Pioneer and is currently under review.
- Appointments between the designer and some DAO participants for input.
- Work on `Nara` upgrades.
- Developed a weekly report and council report automation script.
- Implemented a labeling system for the Pioneer forum.
- Implemented the Discord role bot and tipping bot.
- Tested SWG colossal node.
- Addressed the backlog on SDK.

**Storage Working Group:**

- Hired Klaudius.
- Discussed query node upgrades.

**Membership Working Group:**

- Witnessed a huge increase in sign-ups.
- Increased the daily sign-up limit.
- Exercised budget control.

**Distribution Working Group:**

- Hired three workers, all set up.
- Completed full migration and deployment of distribution scripts in Singapore and America.
- Planned to work on automated discord alerts for changes in node status.

**Human Resources Working Group:**

- Completed the DAO worker assessment with over 90% response received.
- Ongoing content creators survey with shared access with the Gleev team to improve the Gleev/YPP weekly call.
- Planning content creators' event and suggesting topics to the Gleev team, based on survey insights.
- Executed the lead scoring system and updated the report in the forum, which is under review by the council.
- Initiated discussions on the Bounty process and seeking feedback on Bounty process v1 draft.
- New proposal by Tomato to combat spam messages with role assignment for newbies.
- Planned to hire a new worker to moderate the community during CET midnight time.
- Maintained smooth operation of other HR tasks.

### **Discussion:**

- DAO treasury and the successful first refill trade.
- Automate treasury refills without affecting the market.
- Discussed plans to reach the desired stable coin amount.
- Council provided an update on Q4 OKRs.
- Working group OKR application to plans.
- Effects of the QN issues on operations.
- Discussed subsquid adoption consideration.
- Deploying a testnet for testing and identifying bugs

**End of Session**