# Council Feedback on WG Plans

Agenda: Mid-term meeting when the Council gives feedback on the working group plans
Tags: Council, Plans, WG Leads
Date: May 9, 2023
Status: Not started

Agenda: Council meeting on WG Plans, feedback and contribution 

Date: 9th May 2023

Time: 11am CET

Duration: < 1 hour

Attendance: Jen4ph Codefikeyz Eclipsingbinary 0x2bc Leet_Joy genius igrex Mariia MayorTee Sieemma Songoku Yasir|yagi

Host: Ox2bc

Minutes prepared by @Codefikeyz & @Jen4ph 

Meeting Minutes:

**Discussion on Working group formula with Klaudiusz for DWG:**

DWG PLan - overall the plan looks good

- James stated that ideally he would love to see the salary formula as a salary proposal, maybe it would be better to have a separate proposal and a unified formula with the SWG
- Klaudiusz answered that SWG and DWG leads have discussed salaries openly in #distribution channel but maybe not clearly communicated to the workers and they are not using the exact formula at the moment
- DWG lead asked if the salary formula should be approved by the council and perhaps it should be linked to the responsibilities of the workers to figure out how to compensate the workers, to make sure they are happy
- Will the council really need to be involved in approving such a formula
- Klaudiusz plans on having a meeting with workers on initiating the new formula to make sure proper the proper distribution and will make sense to communicate this formula to the workers
- Outlining that Formula for salary should be the Lead's responsibility without the Council's interference
- James highlighted that the Council would only want fair compensation as a reward for workers
- A suggestion by James for DWG to share more info/data in their plan/work for more clarity.

**Additional comment from James for the report of DWG Term 9:**

- For SWG report, there is a special format adopted from testnet - also have the technical terms - capacity info - bags/buckets, etc - how many objects were transferred
- James suggested DWG lead in using a similar report with the info about technical info - including queries, and bucket etc - the same with the SWG lead
- As per DWG lead - some technical info (related to distribution) info is not known at the moment - unlike SWG where the info can be found in the queries/on chain, in DWG, it is more complicated - assets are downloaded this term is not known
- However, there are ongoing efforts like elastic research etc and once the technical info are known it will be included in the reports

**Feedback for WG Plans by 0x2BC:**

- James suggested that permanent workers are separated from temporary workers.

- HR WG: Enquiry on 8 workers in HR Community Support Role earning less than 0.01 JOY salary: Jen4ph cleared the air on the workers being on a test role and having their salaries being paid via discretionary spending. Also indicated that all community support specialists have been fired.

- MWG: Enquiry on workers earning less than 0.01 $JOy salary: Explanation on the salary structure in MWG by Leet_Joy: outlined that MWG is diverting towards using the Reward based salary to award for compensation and as such paying using discretionary payment method to maximise output and fair compensation.

- James encouraged MWGL to raise more awareness toward promoting staking.

**Feedback on Forum WG Plan:**

- Plan looks good, limited scope of work, all is transparent clear and concise

**Feedback on Content WG Plan:**

- Plan is good, clear and understandable

**Suggestion to CWGL by Leet_Joy:**

- To include statistics of content creators who join YPP in reports
- State payment information in plan for YPP rewards

Igrex outlined that category for content reward policy will be reduced from 6 to 3, and will request for budget refill with this info.

**Leet_Joy’s Feedback on WG Plan**

Starting with MWGL Klaudiusz:

- On Question if the Council should really approve spending on working group salary formula - it is better for the Lead to do it so the Council can see workers earnings and plan Council budget accordingly. Advises that Lead should not increase salary significantly, keep it close to dollar value to it will be a good reference such that lSWG and DWG workers who are spending their fiat will be appropriately compensated for their contribution upon listing.

**For Content WG Lead:**

- Happy that YPP creators are being incentivised and encourages the progress.

**For HR WG Lead:**

- Acknowledged that Lead is still nee to the job and taking some time to create a proper planning for the HR Operation.

**No Feedback for Builders WG, No plan yet but will be published by Freakstatic.**

Leet_Joy outlines some notable developments by BWG

- Discord tipping bot
- Encourages HR to do some testing on the Bot
- Jsgenesis is currently running a review on the bot and will be deployed when done to be used by the community to send and distribute Joy in discord
- Builders finalizing on validators design on Pioneer
- BWG developing a mobile version of Pioneer
- James opines the need for a mobile version of pioneer

**James’ Feedback on Storage WG to be sent to Lead via DM.**

James is looking forward to see the plans of APPS and BWG.

James is concerned about the development task for SWG since 5th term

**Calls for Questions regarding WG plans:**

- Eclipsingbinary (via chatbox): how can we provide a way to support creators who are not on YT. I have a group of collaborators that have  medium size audiences (50k followers) that I want to bring here but they are not on YT

Answers: 

- Igrex: shared link to content reward policy https://joystream.notion.site/Content-Rewards-Policy-f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a
- Jen4ph: We also have Council Channel payout proposal, where the council can reward channel owners https://github.com/Joystream/pioneer/issues/2006

James suggested that the same rewards should be maintained for Youtube content creators and other platforms.

**Questions**:

Eclipsingbinary: Asked for details for thousands of views on YouTube and 0 views on Gleev, if it's just backup on gleev. In terms of bringing collaborators, he said he has a lot of great content creators who could come over to gleev and backup their content. 

- Leet_Joy opined that with the new Ephesus upgrade, a new type of proposal is possible to reward such content creators.
- James revealed that we are still scaling and the views and activities will be increased in time to come
- Leet_Joy: He also stated that gleev is for crypto content only but varieties of contents can be found in L1media9. He stated on the DAO’s owned gateway which is underway, fully operated by the DAO, most likely to happen soon and all varieties of content will be rewarded on the DAO’s gateway.
- Eclipsingbinary: He also indicated of being into a lot of contents and currently working on a sci-fi comedy movie filmed in metaverse about a lost crypto wallet.
- James opined that such movie, which is Crypto based can be uploaded to gleev. On incentives for collaborators he’d gather info on the available programs and how these creators can be paid.

Eclipsingbinary asked about Apps and how it works, if someone wants to develop an app, if they have to be in the WG.

- Leet_Joy indicated that the App WG members earn 20k $JOy per month, also that the Apps WG Lead will be available soon to give more info and to provide assistance to build his app.

**Yyasir Yagi (SWG lead)**

- No update, we have people not willing to work. For the dashboard, they need a Grafana wizard and HR will try to find one (no need server cost - SWG will provide)
- People are interested in knowing how the compensation can be guaranteed, because workers need to spend their own money for the server cost and without JOy being liquid it getting harder and harder to ask people to work
- James replied: the discussion is still ongoing and there is an idea that we can guarantee people that after listing that they will be compensated if launching price is low. There were a few more comments about this discussion and the main concern is even if we approve it now that we are unsure that the future Council will stick to the agreement and make the actual computation. We don't have any good mechanics right now to make sure that this will actually happen and that's the main obstacle now so we are still trying to understand what can be other workarounds for this issue. He requested for more ideas to be contributed towards the issue https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/360?post=3538
- Yasir has one issue regarding the start of the compensation plan, he thinks it's better that it start on the date of approval of the proposal. Second, we need a guarantee that this plan will happen. Third, is the coverage of the compensation plan.

Another question from the floor: (couldn't hear who)

- Leet_Joy replied: that we should stick to the USD value of $0.06 for now while defining salary and hope for better things noting that DWG and SWG workers will be compensated if the joy listing price is low.
- Yassir said that the issues is about attracting to work people for us
- James replied: maybe we can start with small steps and try to reward the compensation for storage and Server workers in any scenario.
- Yasir added some examples specific to the price changes and actions and he wants to know how to ensure that future councils will follow the decision
- James thinks that future council will have no objection when joy is listed
- Yasir liked this idea it may  guarantee workers that they will be properly compensated

Question from Yagi, how to ensure that the new council members will ensure the decision of the previous council on compensation plan:

- James: the idea here is to ensure that storage and distribution workers are well compensated after launch because the servers does not really cost much and will not really affect the price of Joy upon listing.
- All WG plans have been reviewed and other things including compensation
- Yasir suggested that we need a format of this meeting perhaps a way of emailing people involved to attend the meeting.
- Leet joy said that there is an ongoing discussion on the schedule of the meeting and hopefully, soon it will be finalized.

Appreciation to all in attendance

End of meeting