# Council & Leads Meeting

Tags: Council, WG Leads
Date: February 28, 2023 11:00 (GMT+1)
Status: Not started
Attendance: @tomato,@Jen4ph,@0x2bc,@spat_sochi,@Yasir,@chaos77,@Codefikeyz
Forum Thread: https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/258

- Title: Council And Leads Meeting Agenda
- Date: 28th February 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM UTC
- Duration: 1h30m
- Agenda: [https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/258](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/258)
- Minutes taken by: @tomato
- Recording: Meeting was not recorded
- Attendees
    - 0x2bc
        - CM
    - jen4ph
        - CM
    - spat_sochi
        - Marketing Worker
        - On behalf of Marketing WG
    - tomato
        - Council Secretary
        - Membership Lead
    - yasir|YAAGI
        - Storage Lead
    - chaos77
        - Builders Lead
    - Codefi_keyz
        - HR Lead
    - myxtap
        - User

## Topics (as per agenda)

### 1. YPP Testing and launch

- 0x2bc:
    - Intro/explanation of YPP program and its prospects for project success
    - Importance of testing stage on success.
    - Testing is currently performed by Builders WG, Storage WG, Council assistance & JSG.
    - Brief overview of complexity: There are a lot of linked tasks, setting up staging networks, setting up Pioneer, QNs etc, hire council on testnets, hire storage, distributors and only after this has been completed can actual testing (load testing) be completed. They will try to use YPP to overload their servers with activity is the current plan.
    - Chaos77 has set up the staging network, Pioneer and also some other important things.
- Chaos77:
    - YPP is only applicable to Gleev gateway at the moment, for other gateways to implement YPP more research has to be done.
    - The testing network is not complete yet, there’s still some network issues. Hopefully it will be solved today or tomorrow.
    - While they’re using most mainnet parameters, the testnet will be modified a little, with only 1 CM and a 1 day election to cut down on waiting times for elections/hires etc. Currently the storage WG can only be done through Pioneer, so hopefully tomorrow testnet election and storage lead hiring will begin.
    - JSG hasn’t published the latest Atlas version yet, only once the new Atlas version (with YPP added) is released can the YPP testing fully begin.
        - Clarification :JSG is still working on the YPP module.
- 0x2bc
    - We will probably need to hire an app lead to complete testing (the current app WG lead has resigned)
- Chaos77
    - An app lead would be good but builders WG can probably do this themselves for now.
- 0x2bc
    - The first deadline was missed a bit, but hopefully testing will be completed within a couple of weeks.
- Chaos77
    - From the community side they are almost ready, but progress is still pending completion of the YPP module from JSG. So we will have to wait for the Atlas version.
- Yassir
    - Asks for a timeline to be published so that they can coordinate buying resources for testing
- Chaos77
    - Will discuss with JSG about timeline
- Yassir
    - Would still like at least a basic timeline
- Chaos77
    - Isn’t sure when the YPP module will be ready, and says Bedeho should be asked for a possible timeline.
- 0x2bc
    - Agrees to ask Bedeho for release of YPP module, says that even with a timeline we should expect testing to take a little longer, but that we will try our best.
- Yassir
    - It is challenging to recruit people for YPP testing, requires 5 reliable people but only 2-3 are available currently.
- Jen4ph
    - Suggests to warn uncooperative users in the WG, or to start looking for other people
- Yassir
    - Testing is not a part of the Storage WG provider job description so people are refusing it.
- 0x2bc
    - Suggests we can find workers in the Distribution WG
- Yassir
    - Already put an ad on the Distribution WG channels, l1dev will provide some servers but is busy. They still need to find another person.
- 0x2bc
    - Suggests if no one else is available they can do it
- Chaos77
    - Asks for minimum sys requirements
- Yasir
    - Will require 16 GB ram, 6 core, 500 GB capacity
    - Storage node requirements are higher, needs to be a dedicated server (ideally) for testing
    - The main requirements is for server resources right now.

Outcomes:

- To speak to Bedeho regarding YPP module for Atlas release date
- Rough timeline to be published
- Additional testers required (lead + 4 workers)

### 2. Crew3

- Spat_sochi:
    - Lead (leet_joy) is sick so spat_sochi is taking their place.
    - We have about 40 winners, so far the tasks are going well. If users have any ideas for tasks they are invited to post them on the forums and the WG can create new tasks
    - They have about 4000 users on crew3
    - Users tried to create a channel in Gleev and had an issue
- 0x2bc
    - Asks if channel issue was sent to builders WG
- Tomato
    - There’s no current issue with creating channels, but there could be an issue with the QN or Orion picking up the TXs after the channel creation happens—Orion is in the process of being upgraded to v2 by JSG. There are many channels being created already.
- spat_sochi
    - Concerns with budget levels. Each winner will win about 2000 $JOY and currently there are about 40 winners, which means the current winner payout will be about 80k $JOY
- 0x2bc
    - Asks if the question is about expanding the program and getting more winners
- spat_sochi
    - Needs to understand when the crew3 program should be created
- 0x2bc
    - Requests a pre-proposal thread is made stating how many users are aimed to be winners, the amount of funding required, and a deadline for the program to wrap up
- spat_sochi
    - States the crew3 initiative will end in about 2 weeks
    - Would prefer to have less winners because the budget would be too large
    - States the advantages with metrics (such as coinmarketcap) with the program
- jen4ph
    - Asks if the WG has a budget to cover the rewards for the participants
- spat_sochi
    - Budget needs to be clarified with WG lead
    - It was previously discussed that they can cover rewards for about 100 winners
    - They want to understand what will happen with more than 100 winners, asks if we can find the budget for more than 100 winners.
    - When the program finishes, they will take time to check the winners (for sybil attacks)—any users with multiple accounts will be blocked.
    - Users who for example subscribed and then unsubscribed from a channel wouldn’t be rewarded.
- jen4ph
    - States that they cannot answer if the council can pay the extra funds if more winners are present (as the initiative will last another 2 weeks)
    - Asks codefi_keyz for input regarding new members
- Codefi_keyz
    - Talks about the new members and efforts to get them introduced to Joystream. Isn’t sure how far in depth the crew3 goes into the Joystream project.
    - HR is going through efforts to convert the people who are just present for rewards into engaged community members.
    - It seems like many users were focused on external tasks (such as tweets/articles) and HR is trying to get them more focused on Joystream DAO tasks and more productive ones.
- jen4ph
    - Agrees but asks for the feedback to be provided on the forums
- Yassir
    - Asks if the initial tasks could’ve been about learning about Joystream.
    - There’s a need to generate informational videos + inforgraphics about the project and how it works. Says the project is still very complex to understand.
- Spat_sochi
    - Agrees that videos are useful
    - Suggests that they can create tasks with questions for newcomers
    - Shares screen and shows examples of what is possible with crew3 tasks
    - Invites people to share new tasks if they have them.
    - If there are many tasks then the $JOY budget increase proportionally.
    - If YPP launches soon it could be included in crew3
- 0x2bc
    - Clarifies there is already an incentive program attached to the YPP program
- Tomato
    - Says they think the budget spend is quite effective so far, has brought quite a lot of activity
    - Maybe there could be a separate program for HQ users
    - Interested in knowing how many HQ users we ended up with
- Spat_sochi
    - Says its difficult to understand that Gleev is related to the Joystream platform—purpose and navigation need to be improved.

(moved to next topic due to time constraints)

### 3. Council Term 5 Plan

- 0x2bc:
    - Overall the council went really well, they accomplished a lot of tasks this term. Managed a lot of tasks in different areas, wants to focus on major topics.
        - Documentation Update
            - Documentation is important and should be up to date, processes should be described and understandable by all entities.
            - Things are changing quickly so managing documentation is important.
            - In this term a few templates were created and hopefully they will be approved by the end of the term.
            - Content Reward policy was also drafted.
            - A good thing: Feedback for all WG reports for the previous term were given and shared with the WG leads.
            - A lot of documents are currently in the waiting list, they require a lot of discussion before approval.
        - OKR Development
            - Work was started on this since the 2nd or 3rd council term. Highly important to be worked on to make the organization effective.
            - OKR process is important to identify who is responsible, timing etc. The process has been developed and it will hopefully be approved by the end of the term. It’s about 80% completed
            - OKR list (the OKRs themselves). Have received feedback from a lot of stakeholders and Bedeho and is still being developed. It is maybe 40% completed so far but the good thing is that we are sticking to quarterly and annual OKRs which means the quarterly OKRs will hopefully be implemented in the 2nd quarter which starts in April. So there is still a bit more time to finalize the quarterly OKRs.
        - YPP Testing
            - Covered earlier
        - Validator Set Increase
            - Was decided to not increase the validator count. The final proposal was approved by 2 previous council terms and this was declined in the end because all advantages/disadvantages were discussed and also based on JSG feedback and other feedback.
                - An increase in validators wouldn’t provide much extra stake (about 1%)
                - The disadvantages were considered too risky.
    - There weren’t any major issues and most things went ok.
    - Budgets were ok, no failures and we are pretty fine.
    - Many other important tasks were worked on.
- Jen4ph
    - Actively being involved in the HR process and guiding them
    - Quite a few discussions and agreements/disagreements about OKRs. Still in discussion with 0x2bc.
    - Council tasked HR with getting feedback from WG leads
    - Was a bit concerned with HR at the beginning but is happier with their progress now.
    - Communication with leads is another task, aiming for more (purpose of this meeting) and hopes there are regular meetings with WG leads to understand and discuss issues better. Thinks calls are a better medium for this as a lot more gets discussed with quicker feedback.
    - Salaries were still not discussed but hopefully will be soon.
    - Suggests more threads are created on forums to discuss topics
- Yassir
    - Says the Pioneer forum design leaves a lot to be desired, its very difficult to track notifications and current topics.
    - Wishes the marketing group would create more refined content for Twitter
    - Likes the quality of today’s meeting, finds it very useful.

### 4. WG Status Update

- Yassir - Storage
    - Servers are up and running
    - Capacity 10tb
    - Not much consumption yet
    - A problem is proactive responses from people on Discord
    - Public dashboard will be shared at some point
- Tomato - membership
    - Started discussion of verification but not going to push it as its a bit premature
    - 
- Other WGs
    - Were AFK or not present

### 5. DAO OKR feedback from leads / council feedback in general

- Feedback to council from leads
    - Yassir - Storage
        - Thinks council is doing good
        - Likes OKRs
        - Wants to minimize on paperwork side of things
        - Not council, but community engagement/responses are a concern, may be related with the crypto markets in general. They discussed with Bedeho and think there are maybe some initiatives we can do with interviews and media and keeping the community more up to date with things.
        - A bit difficult with participating because some people only do Joystream as a part time job due to it being unlisted at the moment.
    - Tomato - Membership
        - Happy with the councli
        - Suggests better education of some tools like Discord inbox to track previous mentions
        - Would like to see budgets more consistent
    - 0x2bc & jen4ph
        - Thanked people who could attend and thanked people for kind words

### 6. JIP

- Bedeho was sick so this item was skipped.

### 7. Other

End of meeting

Approx length: 1h30m