# Curator Meeting

Tags: Curators
Date: March 18, 2023
Status: Not started

Meeting minutes

Attendees: Omer, IgreX, Prontera, songoku, Skipper, Jen4ph

1. CLI - knowledge of using and installing is important
Use to hide the videos and check videos
    
    Lead makes sure everyone is aware of the functionality, and assures guidance to the workers to use the functionality
    
    Found a permission setting before, several days ago, but only for content curators — HIDING/removal of videos.
    
    As from Bedeho, it is necessary to remove this function from curators
    Deletion of NFT are only available at storage side - deleting file
    
    New workers should try the functionality of hiding videos this term so by next term everyone has master it already.
    
    Content curators CAN hide the NFTs.
    In mainnet, the setting permission needs to be clarified.
    
    If there are videos to be hidden, workers will verify with the lead by giving the link to the lead.
    
2. Content Rewards Policy
CWG LEAD: Main idea is to evaluate the videos subjectively, by focusing on the quality, integrity and idea of the videos.
    
    Only the best videos will be rewarded.
    
    If no videos are found to be worthy of the rewards, factors like views, comments, reactions, channel subs will be considered without lowering the standard and this needs additional confirmation with the lead.
    
    WORKER: Another suggestion, can consider creativity, quality of the content and other factors and suggest to be in category B - not that very good in quality but inspiring videos and give lower rewards. So they will be encourage to do more. People might come and it s necessary to give them chance to create more and try.
    
    Category A - hard to finds videos that will fall under this category one the Was videos like MWG’s and JSG’s. However, from the independent creators they might not be able to pass the standards for this category.
    
    Collaborate with MWG and try to include in the Crew3 to design tasks that will boost the creation of videos that falls under a certain category and have it rewarded.
    
    Lead: Should collaborate with HR instead since they work internally and might have more knowledge with the categories and implement the dissemination of info in the community
    
3. Video with violation, porn, murder, extremism.
CWG should act immediately and alarm the GWs l1.media or Gleev
Should aim to delete these videos asap, not only hide them

Follow up meeting should be conducted next term.