# Feeback for WGs - Term 8

Agenda: Let's have a brief call with the council and leads to discuss feedback for WGs
Tags: Council, OKRs, Plans, Working Groups
Date: April 10, 2023 10:00 (GMT+1)
Status: Not started
Attendance: @0x2bc,@kriptos,@bedeho,@Codefikeyz,@IgreX,@Jen4ph,@leet_joy,@tomato

Duration: ~1h

**Opening Remark**

By @0x2bc noting the meeting's expected duration, which is 30mins.

## **Main Feedback Kickoff**

By 0x2bc, sharing a spreadsheet link [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pO2hak-I5i5kipHcrZOMcPQKwE3j4kjK8fNo5DV0t5k/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pO2hak-I5i5kipHcrZOMcPQKwE3j4kjK8fNo5DV0t5k/edit#gid=0)  in the Chatbox on Council feedback. No feedback was provided for DWG and APPs WG, feedback to be provided when plans are submitted.

- A recognition on HR and MWG plans on a good template used for Plan and an encouragement for other WGs to adapt the template.
- A suggestion was made by @Jen4ph for feedback discussion to begin with Leads present in the meeting, which was agreed.

## Feedback on Builders WG

**Feedback on Report**

Good, but improvements could be applied in regards to Hiring/Firing details, as they were not much info on recent hiring/firing rationale.

**Feedback on Plan**

No sign of Council Plan as a source of WG plan. A previous term task: Hackathon Event was missing on the WG plan.

Usage of OKR for WG Plan: No implementation of the OKR in WG plan

Comment from Lead: Acknowledged missing of Hackathon Plan to be an error and the Playback improvement assumed to be a DWG based task.He suggested Council Plans be indicated on which WG to handle them to give the Leads a clear insight of task planing, which was accepted by @0x2bc for Council implementation. @Chaos also suggested a template from Council in regards to it's inclusion into WG plans.

- **@0x2bc made a suggestion of the SMART Framework  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SMART_criteria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SMART_criteria) adoption in setting plans with regards to OKR goals.**

MWGL @leet_joy: Asked a question to BWGL, no clear indication of our development plan, reading the BWG Plan does not provide clear vision of what we are trying to achieve in future. Any progress on e status of Mobile Pioneer development or we will be need to outsource talents to get this done.

Reply by @Chaos77: Outsourcing talents will not be a bad idea as the WG is running short on developers.

@Bedeho: Enquired about the complexity of creating an Opening in CLI and if the feature could find its pla√∫lce in Pioneer.

@codefikeyz: cleared the air that creating openings via CLI is not a hard task for the BWGL but openings for him are only created when he encounters a good talent.

@leet_Joy: indicated that @bedeho is only suggesting about adding the functionality to Pioneer, not certain about the resources it will take nor time to build.

@bedeho: Concurs

@0x2bc: specified of the term plans with the OKR and SMART Framework, should be quite measurable, achievable and should come with a time frame for execution/deadline.

## Feedback on HR and MWG

Quite similar format, very detailed and appreciates the dedication towards planning and OKR adoption.

@leet_joy: suggested that one of the present problem might be some of the Leads unsure if any of the Objectives or Key Results will be changed or adjusted by a new council since there are definitely room for improvement especially in system development objectives like an upgrade, in other to create a more specific objectives for their WGs.

@0x2bc: stated that he thinks that might not be the reason while some Leads did not implement OKRs in their plans and indicated that OKRs can change overtime for improvement but High Level OKRs stays the same and encouraged communication among Council and Leads towards OKR, maybe in a case where they are not feasible or hard to achieve, they can be adjusted for better results.

## **Feedback on CWG Plan**

Generally OK, but needs improvement on plan format, not significant but will be great to adjust. Playback improvement task was included in report but missing in plan as the issue is not completely solved.

Igrex provided comments in the Chatbox and can be found here in the message box here - 10th April 2023 https://discord.gg/chX7Mhnj

@0x2bc: indicated the OKR was not implemented in most WG plans, maybe as a result it wasn't read.

## **Feedback on Membership WG**

Generally OK, slight variation from the approved template and no OKR inclusion, though unsure if the OKR applies to the Membership WG but will be good to take a second and proper look.

@tomato: Not sure of OKR application to MeMWG, maybe faucets and MeMWG budgets not being empty to prevent membership invitation from working.

## Playback improvement issue

- @0x2bc: affirms that the condition has been improved unlike it was before the test to get it fixed but also noted that the work should continue in other to stabilise the playback issue, focusing on monitoring systems that'll help us better understand the current health status of the system to quickly mitigate issues of Playback that may arise in future adopting automated means that can help us achieve this.
- @bedeho: appreciates his feedback and noted that he also thinks that the playback issue might also have a share in encoding problems, media files having an encoding that doesn't work with the browsers and looks like a buffering problem of not being able to download. Generally suggests an automated approach with information logging to be able to grasp enough data to work with to avoid things going bad and resolved sooner.
- @0x2bc: Concurs
- Question from @Codefi_keyz: Where is the slight variation that was indicated in the feedback? Report or Plan?
- @0x2bc: it's in Plan, no specification for Salary rationale. The group composition which should be listed were tabulated but quite a good set up and can be adopted in the template.
- Question from @Codefi_keyz: Has the Council resolved on which timeframe to use for start and end of Council? Usage of Dates or blocks?
- 0x2bc: We can make use of the Start/End Block for now.

***** End of Meeting *******

Feedback from @jen4ph, responses and other notable contributions can be found in the message box here - 10th April 2023 [https://discord.gg/chX7Mhnj](https://discord.gg/chX7Mhnj)