# Term 12 Mid-term Meeting

Agenda: Mid-term Meeting (12 term)
Tags: Council, OKRs, Plans, Tools, WG Leads
Date: June 9, 2023
Status: Not started

**Attendance:** @abramaria_ , @Codefikeyz , @Songoku, @0x2bc , @chaos77 , , @Klaudiusz 

**Duration:** 1hour

**Date:** 9rd June 2023

**Venue:** Community Stage

Minutes were taken by @0x2bc

The goal of the Mid-term Meeting is to improve communication between Leads and Council, in order to build a plan for working groups that not only follows the set OKRs, but also the scheduled Council plan.

## DWG by klaudiusz.eth

The group was granted an increase in their budget for 12 term - [https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/354](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/354)

The leader spoke about the main three tasks of the group for this term:

1. Introduce availability monitoring
2. Improve logs collection setup
3. Introduce video loading and bandwidth monitoring

0x2bc said that KR-4.1 achieving an average video loading time of 1.2 seconds or less seems like an unrealistic goal and should be reviewed.

## HR by Codefi_keyz

The HR is planning to hire one more support staff member - a technical one to provide assistance to newcomers in Discord, and an all-around HR worker.

A list of rewards that the HR group will pay out over the term for active participation was listed.

Discussed term OKRs:

- Propose a revised model for worker and lead salaries based on scores
- Communication with Leads: Organize mid-term sessions with Leads, gather feedback on plans and reports.
- Organize training session about Gateways/Apps Working Group and produce a training video for future operators.

Recommendation from 0x2bc:

- to include in our HR group's plan to attract and acquaint people with the information on how to stake for validators
- attract as many people as possible to the next Fire chat

## Builders by Chaos

Leed talks about the OKR group's plans:

- Discord Bot Update
- Pioneer Backend MVP
- Validator Page Dev

The connection was quite poor, there were interference which made it difficult to hear the lead of the group.

Recommendation from 0x2bc: focus on the plan that was prepared by the Council for the Builders group. It is really important to do this before the Listing:

- Implement teams and assign or find maintainers for tools mentioned in [Proposal 222](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/222)
- Improve and develop ecosystem tools for the Joystream platform
- Review and suggest improvements for [DAO Stablecoins Treasury process](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/409)

## Forum by songoku

The group leader presented the group's plan:

- Create needed new categories/ sub categories on the forum
- Review forum threads/posts and moderate if necessary
- Archive inactive, closed or concluded threads
- Pick best forum thread for the term
- Write summary of pre-proposals with open questions for stale threads.

Songoku also suggested devoting attention to discussing the pre-proposal "Warm Up Community Metrics" as the listing is soon and we should come together in gathering important thoughts - [Joystream Governance App (pioneerapp.xyz)](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/319).

## Ð¡onclusion

We analyzed the plans of all the workgroups that were present at the meeting. We discussed two important topics:

1. Communication - regarding salaries, workgroups need to keep communication about salaries, vocalize their proposals.

2. Listing. It's coming soon and it will possibly change how our groups will work. Think about listing and how it can change the work in the groups, some ideas for management.

Two questions were posed to 0x2bc:

1. Is the Joystream token renamed to "JOYS"? - Yes, this is what the Marketing Group is currently working on.
2. Wouldn't that cause confusion? I mean, what bad scenarios could there be? - Yes, there may be issues with the stickers when customers will be entering the sticker name to purchase the token.

*** End of Meeting