# Term 11 Handover Meeting

Agenda: Handover meeting term 10-11
Tags: Council, OKRs, Reports, WG Leads, Working Groups
Date: May 19, 2023
Status: Not started

- Meeting agenda: [https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/351?post=3634](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/351?post=3634)
- Date and time: 19 May 2023 11am CET
- Duration: 2 hours+
- Participants: 18

0x2bc, adovrn, Aramis, Bedeho, Codefi_keyz, freakstatic, Genius, IgreX. jen4ph. klaudiusz.eth, konpedalnii, 11.media, leet_joy, Mariia, notoom, songoku, yasir YYAGI, Ömer ÖzdemirTR

- Meeting minutes taken by @Codefikeyz

Action Plan

| # | Action | Made/asked by | Assigned to/ person committed | Due Date |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Klaudiusz to help Yassir set up dashboard for SWG | Klaudiusz (DWGL) | Yassir (SWGL) and Klaudiusz | N/A |
| 2 | To check if the discretionary spending BWG is detailed enough | Freakstatic | James | N/A |
| 3 | To continue the discussion on Forum regarding extending the council term | Klaudiusz | Yassir and the attendees (council and leads) | N/A |
| 4 | Try to finalize pending pre-proposal discussion and discussions especially regarding compensation and SWG DWG salaries | 0x | Council, leads (Klaudiusz, Yassir) | N/A |

**Opening Remark by James**

10th Council Summary - xJames

- Council term went smoothly
- Interesting events happened this term and the most notable events is the increase of 70% in video numbers and that is really huge compared to what we had before, we have about 3,200 videos in the platform now it's a welcomed exponential growth.
- content creators are joining us by the day
- Distribution Working Group has developed a dashboard that visualizes data from logs with many indicators and traffic, kudos to DWGL @klauduisz
- AMA Session on Twitter Space with Farmers that will take place on May 22 by 3pm UTC, it's gonna to be a very huge one with anticipation to attendance.
- New DAO owned gateway tittle - Joyspace, chosen by the DAO
- The logo contest for the gateway is still in progress and submissions are still ongoing till May 28.
- Marketing Working Group is working with different aggregators Like ThePass in creating more awareness for the DAO
- The Zealy campaign is still ongoing and there is a sybil attack and problem will be handled by MWG
- New discussions and pre-proposals about node runners/staking/compensations plans etc, suggested that the council discuss the pre proposal. They are to increase awareness for the DAO and give compensation packages to our workers
- Budget spending exceeded the plan due to MWG had to refill its budget for Zealy pay outs and AMA session
- Marketing Working Group is also utilizing the possibility to make referral programs for YPP participants
- A new HR Lead, Jen was hired and made visible progress in the Human Resources working group
- Change Apps working group Lead in Term 11 - rationale - unresponsive
- Issues with the validator set and it seems there are no validators in the queue, not a good event for us as we need to always have validators in the queue to make sure there will be no empty slots in the validators set

**10th Council Summary - Leet_Joy**

- YPP Referral Program is to attract affiliate marketers to promote the YPP program, that is, we are going to have outsiders who wants to earn $JOY in exchange for bringing us content creators

marketing working group is creating tutorials on how to join and how to create YouTube dummy channels, including notion guides and it will be shared on Pioneer. And a channel has been created already for this, we will work towards creating massive YPP adoption.

### **Council's OKRs**

The council focused on five big tasks for OKR in this term, 

1. OKR Integration, good progress was made after a quick revision of the current progress. The next council will finalize and implement it.
2. YPP program adoption - YPP Referral Program - the progress on this is big
3. Boost of security network, not much progress was made. Just a proposal by l1media to reduce validators from 40-35 as there were no validators in the queue even though the plan was The 10th term council discussed increasing $JOY stake. Past council has started discussions and ideas on how to improve the situation - make a decent reward for the node runners and who maintain servers. Second initiative is to increase the amount of Joy staking- currently 9.5% of total Joy allocation staked in the system, in mid summer Joy token unlocked will be around 40% - we can take advantage of that. The DAO should promote awareness
4. Increase Joystream project awareness like on Zealy & other platforms: 7 platforms (with high traffic) were found as an alternative but none of them are supporting Polkadot wallet. Solutions are being discussed on how to solve this issue (to develop a page to collect wallets?). Can still continue Zealy with a minimal amount of budget as we can still increase social metric through this cmapaign
- James replied to freakstatic question on why investors do not stake their tokens: - because of security, as we do not have a ledger or cold wallet that supports Joystream.
- James noted the need to have enough percentage nodes up and running for efficiency

5. Improve HR operations - HR lead was hired, and reassessment and computation of salaries and workers are being worked on with room for improvement as well

**Small tasks:**

- Development of Monitoring tools for DWG and SWG. DWG now has Graffana and Elastic search tool. Really a good news.
- Discord Bot for tipping still being tested
- SWG and DWG compensation are being finalized although they have few differences
- DAO gateway title has been accomplished - Joyspace, Logo Contest ongoing
- There are more found in the report

****No questions/clarifications from anyone****

**Term 10 Working Group Status**

**Distribution Working Group by Klauduisz**

- There’s still more work to be done wrt to monitoring since it is still very simple, still partly on some certain activities in the sysytem
- Started looking into the distribution nodes and softwares wrt reports from workers on weird issues which cannot be seen in the dashboards such as slow response
- Made suggestions to JSG on how can improve th visibility on how the distribution nodes work
- Dashboard monitoring
- Discussion on how to set variables for salary forumula, penalties and bonuses
- Discretionary spending is to be used for salary as it's easier with the salary formula instead if block based rewards.
- Using basic “compensation + Bonus x penalty” as current formula which was approved by the Council in previous term

**Builders Working Group by Freakstatic**

- Not much changes from last term
- Working on Discord tipping bot, requested JSG to deploy it
- Some developments on Pioneer backends
- Work is going on with the validator module

Question from xJames: Would the tipping bot be deployed in Term 11?

Freakstatic: We hope so, depends on when the review is done by the JsG to deploy it on the Discord server.

Leet_Joy asks: Regarding for validators page, are we waiting for JsG to deploy it? Is it ready?

Freakstatic: there is a push request already in the works and it is still being reviewed with some minor changes, probably might not be deployed in the next term, depending if the builder is able to finish it in a few days.

Klaudiusz asks: update on the situation of the Discord notification bot

Freakstatic: not aware of it, but will inquire from Chaos77

Codefikeyz asks: No mention/update of the Pioneer mobile design in Term 10 report

Freakstatic: No work was done on it in term 10, but can check for an update about it.

Codefikeyz: Are there challenges faced in regards to the pioneer mobile design.

Freakstatic: Not sure about the development, but can check the status and report.

**HR Working Group by Mariia || Jen4ph**

- Group restructuring
- Hired 1 worker and fired 8 workers
- Reward of most active participants
- Group monitors communication channels (Discord and Telegram)
- HR workers tasked to read the YPP document to better assist the community
- Improved on the DAO quiz with a Survey deployed
- Approval and implementation of the handover proposal
- Spreadsheet for newcomers documentation
- Efficient Onboarding of newcomers based on their interest in discord
- Job post on facebook and linkedin
- Suggestion from xJames: to push awareness on Job openings on web3 job platforms
- Got the attention of an external dev company, and negotiations ongoing to take up tasks and get rewarded in $JOY
- Suggestion for Council to make a list of tasks that the dev company can work on
- An overview of the data gathered from newcomers entry: users recently joining appear to be new accounts, a sybil attack is possible
- The inflow of new members recorded towards the end of the term, could be from outside announcements for the Twitter space AMA session on 22 may 2023
- 

**Marketing Working Group by Leet_Joy**

- YPP Referral Program was drafted using JSG tools to reward them properly
- YPP promotion via CMC top 1500 projects and 600 are being contacted for collabs via YPP to bring to Joystream
- Tweeting collabs are being cowrked on
- Big database of content creators of over 5k for crypto niche, contacting them as well
- Welcoming Creators who joined us via twitter, by designing unique art for big channels like Kyle chasse
- Zealy campaign going smoothly there was an increase in Twitter page followers. There are participants trying to abuse by creating many accounts, will verify the info and will cut accounts that are trying to abuse.
- AMA planned for May 22 on Twitter Space - for outside community - Bedeho will be the speaker attendance could be at least 1000 users
- Several profiles created and IDs reserved on Web3 platforms like cyberconnects, the pass and are looking for more
- Preparing drafts for campaigns on alternative Zealy platforms to get userbase
- Advised listeners to go to MWG report and if there are some questions feel free to ask in marketing channel

**Content Working Group by** Omehzeir

- Mariia joined Content WG
- 3,252 videos uploaded
- if the increase in uploads will continue this will require more workers in the next terms
- YouTubers joining gleev and L1media,
- Intention to make a change in the Content reward policy plan to create an incentive for reward

Question from xJames: on introduction of a reward incentive, how would you measure/assess one Catergory from the other as being a good outcome?

Omehzeir: Content should be proved to be reliable and deserving of the reward

There are some categories on l1media and Gleev that are lacking content, an introduction of incentives to attract more of these content creators should be considered.

Klaudiusz: it's understandable that crypto based content are more on gleev and L1media because these are the people hearing about Joystream first, before other random creators.

xJames: Gleev has crypto videos only but L1media can have any type of video content, the amount in the content category can be a starting point for us. Also is it possible that toxic videos can come from YouTube?

Omehzeir: It is possible those videos can be copied from other platform but right now there are no toxic content being uploaded.

**Storage Working Group by Yassir**

- Continue looking out for 1 more worker to replace an inactive worker
- An okay usage of the server capacity for now
- We are above 600GB in storage which is not too bad
- We need to work on  monitoring dashboard development, trying to get people to work with us but that's a challenge

Klaudiusz: Will be happy to help with the dashboard  and the monitoring setup

Yassir: Will reach out to Klaudiusz for help to set up dashboard

Request for Council to review the pre-proposal for salary formula

xJames: suggests he creates a signal proposal for salary formula for council consideration

Yassir: requests that the Council and be generous with compensation in order to attract good workers

xJames: In regards to salaries, Proposal for the compensation of DWG and SWG workers should be submitted and considered by 11th term Council. 

Leetjoy: There was a suggestion made by Klaudiusz for a compensation plan which is good - a basic pay to cover server cost of $150, the Council should have a discussion and put it into consideration.

Yassir: the discussion of the compensation plan stirred up some enthusiasm from workers to take up roles in the WG.

**Forum Working Group - By Songoku**

- Not much update
- Continuous moderation
- Reward of best forum post and threads for the last term
- Mariia asked: how many good reads did you have in the previous term?
- Songoku: avoids Council and WG threads, makes rewards from General category, sometimes Council dialogue category.

**Recommendations for the Next Council**

- Focus on OKR: go through developments and if everything is good from perspective, implement update.
- Mobile Pioneer application not possible to implement in the second quarter
- Pending proposals: includes server cost compensation, incentive for $Joy staking improving number of validators etc.
- YPP: referral program and YPP policies for L1media and DAO gateway
- Apps WG Leads replacement
- Working group reporting: discretionary payments should be outlined in details in report how they are spent. Improve report format for progress of all OKRs. Include percentage of progress in report for clarity
- Council report should be improved so we can see the progress on OKRs overtime

Question from Freakstatic: Is the status of Discretionary spending on BWG detailed enough?

xJames: Will check and give an update on it

Codefikeyz: what are the challenges and opportunities that can be encountered in 11 term by Council

xJames: The tasks that needs to be completed. e.g Apps WG Lead, as it demands a professional, knowledgeable about the Joystream Architecture, Freakstatic was suggested to take up this role. Unsubmitted pre-proposals (compensation, server cost etc), can be difficult to agree on with diverse opinions in Council.

Freakstatic: I will not be able to take up this role because of other job engagement, will suggest someone who is more available.

Codefikeyz to xJames: Why do you say mobile pioneer application will not be possible to be developed in this second quarter?

xJames: it's quite an ambitious task not sure on the progress, requiring a lot of workforce and time consuming, not possible to complete under 1 month, suggest it be shifted to 3rd quarter.

**Any Other Business**

- Yassir asks if it is feasible to increase a council term to a month as 2 weeks is too little wrt some discussions made in the past.

Klaudiusz suggests the discussion continues in the forum where it was raised previously and is still inconclusive

- Klaudiusz asks if it's possible to slash the salary of the Apps WG Lead, as he got paid for doing no Job.

Leet_Joy: we will ask the Apps WG Lead to return the reward he was paid

Freakstatic: not sure it can be possible to be returned to the Council budget, suggests to cut the Lead's salary.

Klaudiusz: suggests it gets burned

Codefikeyz: outlines that the salary paid was the 10th Council's responsibility even when the Lead was unavailable, and as such the Lead should not be held accountable but the Term 10 council

Klaudiusz: suggests for a stake slash and identifies the address system as being problematic

Yassir: his take is, for the worker to fail on his responsibility to do his job, if he/she gets slashed, he doesn't return to the system

Klaudiusz: the system is problematic in such a way that if you get hired and does nothing for two days, you get paid for two days without doing nothing hence ripping the system, it needs to be fixed, even if they are fired and not hired any more

Yassir: indicates that the problem can be avoided in SWG when a worker is hired, he/she is not paid until they start rendering their services, no active server = zero salary

Codefikeyz: suggests that the reward be recovered from the Leads stake if they fail to do their job

Yassir: opines that once a worker is slashed for the reason that they are rippling/cheating the system, they shouldn't be in the system at all. Suggests 24hours to be small for a Lead to be terminated/slashed out of being unresponsive

Mariia asks via textbox: if Gryroflaw received previous warning before now

Codefikeyz: He was reached out to by HR and Council for weeks but was not available, hence the council taking the right action

xJames: Apps WG Lead didn't submit a plan nor a report, absent for 2weeks, no response to Council's questions and warnings.

Yassir: suggests terms and conditions are written down for Leads to read before accepting job offer

xJames: indicates that the terms are stated, but a clearer policy should be put in place to avoid future failures

End of meeting