# Content Report

Group: Content
Attributes: Forum Post, Group Specific Scores
Score Notes: On time, Only done on Notion
Score: 0.3
Submitted [Block]: 1360242
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/content-directory-score#report_score
Grade Name: REPORT_SCORE
Notion Link: Report 20.06.2022 - 26.06.2022 (https://www.notion.so/Report-20-06-2022-26-06-2022-f77051f2c3084fe5a83f1bedffd77977?pvs=21) 
Parent Score: Content Score (Content%20Score%20c264de5c24ac4e1eb1499e23ba0af73d.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

Only submitted on Notion

Some information was reported however:

- The overall formatting and delivery of information was not great.
- NFTs created were not listed
- NFT sales weren’t listed
- Moderation actions reporting was limited. Rationale could’ve been shown better. Blockheights weren’t shown.
- Channel categories created/deleted weren’t included

---

In addition to what is outlined in the [#working-group-period-plan](https://github.com/Joystream/handbook/blob/master/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score.md#working-group-period-plan), the working group report must publish a separate report covering

**During the period**

- All channels and videos by `Id` created. For each, include
    - metadata, meaning (at least) `title`, `category`, `license`, `objectId`(s)
    - content directory status, meaning (at least) `isCensored`, `isPublic`, whether each object `isAccepted`
    - curator specific information, such as in which block it was created, the `createdAt` and `updatedAt`timestamps, for the purpose of being able to review a video that gets updated should be dealt with (eg. censored or no longer censored)
- All channels and videos by `Id` updated. For each, include what the change was and when it was made.
- Channel or video categories created or deleted, when and why.
- All `NFT`s created, and their `Id`
- All `NFT`s sold, and the auction type and `Id`
- All moderation actions taken by the group, for which channels/video and why. This must include
    - `Id`
    - action taken
    - justification (longer and "off-chain" - see `MODERATION_SCORE`)
    - `rationale` (if applicable)
    - block height/event/[link to explorer](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Frpc.joystream.org%3A9944#/explorer) if a transaction was made
    - the `curatorId` which made the transaction
- All requests made to storage working group lead, related to moderation.
- All changes made to the featured content, with precise logs (see `FEATURING_SCORE`)

**For the content directory as a whole**

- Total amount of videos
- Total amount of channels
- Total amount of `NFT`s
- Amount of videos hidden and censored.

The report should be posted in the forum category `Working Groups >[Working Group Name]` where `[Working Group Name]`is the name of the working group, as a thread which has the `Report for [council period ID]`. As these reports should have lots of tables, links and difficult formatting, some key statistics with link to a page on notion is acceptable.