# CWG summary

### Report of the group of curators. Term 6

## **1. Current group composition**

- Lead: @IgreX
- Curator: @ferdikesh_studio
- Curator: @Kira_skipper
- Curator: @Арсений Степаненко
- Curator: @Counsellor
- Curator: @Prontera

With no changing.

## **2. Budget for the Term**

- Planned budget: **51,45 K Joy.**
- Actual budget: **51,45 K Joy.**

This term is unchanged.
Additional costs for the implementation of the [CRP](../../Content%20Rewards%20Policy%20f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a.md) program were not required.

## **3. Work status for the Term**

First priority:

- The main work of curating videos, channels and metadata (assets) in [Gleev](https://gleev.xyz/) and [l1.media](https://l1.media/)
- Prepare for YPP (in progress)

Secondary priority:

- [Finished](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/proposals/preview/191) [Content Rewards Policy](../../Content%20Rewards%20Policy%20f215e3fb7b984827a6facf2de683e40a.md). Date of launch 19.03
- Hired three curators.
- Add to collection Controller Account of the author of the video in [Statistics](Video%20statistics%20for%20Term%206%2006f18be936114d708802937d251360c3.md)

## **4. Extra items**

- There was a significant decrease in video downloads. In this regard, the workload of workers has fallen, so the issue of increasing salaries has not yet been raised.
- Curators have problems with CLI - for some it works successfully, except for hiding the video, for some it is not installed, for steel it is not installed. The issue will be resolved.
- On March 17, a general call was planned to discuss topics: video ratings, working with the CLI, and actions in case of urgent blocking decisions. Unfortunately, due to the fault of Lead, the call was rescheduled for the 18th.