# Council Term 8 Report

Plan/report: Report
Council Term: 8
Forum Post: https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/230?post=3402
Status: Submitted

# Membership WG Report

Council term 8

## **1. Current group composition :**

- Tomato - lead

## **2. Budget for the Term**

The budget is still undergoing work as the purpose of the group develops.

Salaries:

- Current Lead salary is: 5.04k $JOY / week

Expenses:

- Faucet was not refilled as it had sufficient funding.

## **3. Work status for the Term=**

- Monitor the `Ephesus` runtime upgrade and if it has any impact on the membership system.
    - Completed
- Build a better understanding and create a 1 page document explaining how faucets and invitations work as there appears to be some confusion.
    - Completed: [https://joystream.notion.site/Membership-one-pager-3dac714ea58f4eed82691ef533d749c5](../Membership%20one-pager%203dac714ea58f4eed82691ef533d749c5.md)
- Keep constant monitoring of the faucet address(es). If we get a large rise in user signups then this needs to be refilled more regularly.
    - Completed
- Keep monitoring of usage of the invitation feature, as this impacts the WG’s budget.
    - Completed
- Ensure the Membership WG budget does not reach 0 as this prevents people from being able to use the invitation feature.
    - Completed

## **4. Extra items**

Current membership use during council term 8:

- Gifted memberships (faucets): 102
- Bought/paid memberships: 0
- Invited memberships: 0

Notes:

- The low number of invited memberships is either because of lack of awareness/value proposition for users.