# Forum Report

Group: Forum
Attributes: Document, Forum Post, Grade, Group Specific Scores, Subscore
Score Notes: On time
Score: 0.5
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Grade Name: REPORT_SCORE
Parent Score: Forum Score (Forum%20Score%20a0f9828eb2814c3b9912a307c5655d0b.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

As stated last period:
”In general, requirements for WG Report are going up from the next period.”

**Questions and comments**

- As with last period, all the stats are wrong by my account. The report title implies that a cutoff was made at 03.06.22, but it’s not clear at what time or block.
    - This means the data is impossible to verify, without guessing snapshots.
- Significantly better attempt, but the execution is lacking.
- Of 12 requested datapoints:
    - 5 are correct (all being 0)
    - 2 are not addressed
    - 3 are possibly correct, but “impossible” to verify
    - 2 are possibly partially correct, but “impossible” to verify

I initially graded this very low in line with the statement at the top, but decided to revise up, as I **think** the work was correct. If I was able to approve all data, it would have scored around 0.7.

If the same issues are present next time it will get 0.

---

- Forum statistics over the course of the scoring period, meaning
    - How many threads were created
    - How many threads were deleted
    - How many posts were created of each type
        - Not addressed (`editable` or not).
    - How many posts were deleted
    - Not known whether stats are correct…
- For each category
    - How many threads exists, and how many was created during the last scoring period
        - This looks like it was done correctly based on the relative differences, but hard to know for sure.
    - How many posts exists, and how many was created during the last scoring period
        - Not addressed
- Charts showing the forum history over time
    - Threads made since genesis
        - Looks nice, but doesn’t seem to include the beginning?
    - Posts made since genesis
        - Looks nice, but doesn’t seem to include the beginning?
- A summary of all `forum` (except regular posting) transactions made by the group, who made it, and why, eg.
    - Moderation of threads
        - Here, we find a big issue with generating the report early - I have 5.
    - Moderation of post
        - OK!
    - Threads moved
        - OK!
    - Categories changed, deleted or created
        - OK!