# HR Report

Group: HR
Attributes: Group Specific Scores, Subscore
Score Notes: On time
Score: 0.9
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/human-resources-score#report_score
Grade Name: REPORT_SCORE
Parent Score: HR Score (HR%20Score%20d320184c34fe4b84aa097a98ee260a87.md)
Spot Check Completed: Yes

As stated last period:
”In general, requirements for WG Report are going up from the next period.”

**Questions and comments**

- “(There were users who wrote a couple of messages and disappeared. Do they need to be counted?)”
    - Yes. Lets make it two categories, like this:
        - `39 Users said hi, but only x responded when contacted.` (I counted 39)
        - The second group “counts” (`x`) towards the CRM.
- Overall, really well done!

---

- How many new people reached out to the group in discord, and how many of them were captured in the CRM.
    - Regardless of whether they were captured in the CRM, add a link to the persons initial discord post
        - No links here.
        - This should perhaps be included in the CRM. Is there functionality for this ATM?
- What, and how many, bounties were funded by the group during the council period, and for each bounty
    - Which bounty template id was used for which bounty on-chain id
    - Which HR worker created, assigned and funded it
    - Whom the bounty was created for
    - Who was assigned as the oracle
        - All completed.
- What bounties, regardless of which council period it was started,
are being worked on, which are not yet completed, and what progress was
made in this period, as well as a new ETA on delivery.
    - Completed.
- What, and how many, bounties created by the group were completed during the council period, and for each bounty
    - What was the result, meaning how much was paid (if any), to whom and why
    - How much was given to the oracle for providing the judgement
    - A timeline of all steps
        - Completed.
- Which bounties failed during the judgement period because the oracle did not submit a valid judgement.
- An overview of which bounty templates, and in general types of
bounties, are the most and least sought after, and what types of bounty
templates more options are needed.
- Recommendations for "graduates" that should be considered for a role and a specific working group, or handed a spot the council.
    - Include a link to the public board, and any contact made with the Lead of the group
- What template bounties should have their budgets adjusted, and why.