# WG Summary

Group: Marketing
Attributes: Document, Forum Post, General WG Score, Grade, Proposal, Subscore, Summary
Score Notes: Incorrect Data, No Proposal Found, On time
Score: 0.75
Submitted [Block]: 1033608
JSG Grading Status: Completed
Handbook Link: https://joystream.gitbook.io/testnet-workspace/testnet/council-period-scoring/general-working-group-score#working-group-summary
Forum Link: https://dao.joystream.org/#/forum/thread/212
Grade Name: SUMMARY_SCORE
Parent Score: General WG Score (General%20WG%20Score%20857b3136c02c443d824d6266e657a70b.md)
Spot Check Completed: No

### **Scope**

All working group summaries have the same "core" scope

- Accounting of how much was spent on what.
    - The budget was not specific enough and the numbers were slightly off compared to on-chain information
- Actual hires made.
    - Completed
- Actual slashes imposed.
    - Completed
- Actual firings done.
    - Completed
- Changes made to the corresponding notion board.
    - Completed
- A summary on how well the working group served it's intended purpose.
    - Completed. Although some more specific information would be good to see.
- Recommendations for what should be focused on in next council period in order to make group more effective.
    - Partially completed. Although the WG lead should not wait for council feedback and should be proactive in trying to look at the current term’s performance and think about direction to take in the near future.
- Suggested changes to the purpose or practices built in to this working group, other working groups, the council or Jsgenesis' role, in order to increase overall effectiveness of the group or the project.
    - Completed