# Strategy

1. We need to build vision of Joystream DAO. Joystream is only a DAO, it isn’t product, There are 2 dApps built on Joystream: Atlas, and Pioneer. But basically there are 3 things, DAO, Atlas and Pioneer. We can’t market 3 things at time. So, we will market atlas and remaining 2 will go with it in market. **We will build its vision which will give hope to content creators and consumers.** DAO and pioneer will grow with atlas. but they also should have vision which will not disappoint blockchain industry. (simplify and distribute vision)
2. **Encourage dreams of content creators and consumers:** How can we encourage dreams of people who are content creators and consumers. We need to sort what are their dreams actually. 
    1. To learn more about this you need to talk to the “customer”. Set up calls with creators and ask questions to find out what their dreams are. My hunch is that most of them are just in a position where they want to be able to “create fulltime” but they don’t make enough money to do this without having a job.
3. **Justify failures of content creators and consumers:** What were failures of content creators and consumers and how can we justify their failures.  
    1. As part of talking to creators, ask them what they’d like to achieve, and then ask why they haven’t achieved it yet. Answers to this will shed light on this issue.
4. **Allay fears of content creators and consumers:** We need confirm fears of content creators and consumers about web2 industry. We need to sort out what are their fears on web2 platforms and we need to show them these are their fears on these platforms because sometimes people have fears but they don’t want to know them because they don’t have other options if they leave these platforms or they are earning from platforms and compromise their fears. 
    1. Ask creators “what are the biggest blockers that would prevent you from reaching your goal?”
5. **Confirm Suspicions of content creators and consumers:** Of course, they will have doubts on centralized video platforms for their future, we need to confirm these doubts. we need to know what are these doubts and what are ways to confirm them.
    1. This is similar to the #4. Their answers will shed light on this.
6. **Show way to content creators and consumers:** We need to show next way to content creators and consumers for achieving their dreams and freedom. In this way, they can sabotage the centralized platforms which utilized them, and can build their own future without intervention of companies that sell their data…etc.
    1. Once on mainnet we should document case studies / testimonials of people who were able to achieve their dreams, on Joystream.
7. **How to reach big audience:** At the start of mainnet, budget will not big, for spending proposals but we will have to reach to bigger audience. We will not able to scale our operations right away, will scale them ****gradually. **what will ways to reach max possible audience with our vision and how we will build strong brand identity? ( we need to make proposal for community)**
    1. Some ideas
        1. Airdrop other video projects
        2. Launchpad sale
        3. Co-market with other established projects both in Polkadot ecosystem, and outside
8. Because product is being developed right now still, there are many features will add soon but not very sooner. So, we just can’t say we have developed product “come and use”. But we will bring creators on platforms and we need to give them hope so they get connect and creator’s payouts will on mainnet. avg creator will get $500 per month, this is best strategy to incentivise creators and they can earn stable income in this way. So, we have reason to bring content creators because video platform is ready to use and creators will make stable income thorough it. **What should way to bring content creators on platforms?**

---

**We will start from there and then we will scale our activities because we will need to build consensus too in community and somewhere council approval will also needed.**