# Capital.com

Avatar_Image: https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AMLnZu9cBv5FMiEafc-4rTXFfwpsTMGk2-u-8ISkL-nUyQ=s800-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj
CODE: GB
Channel_URL: /channel/UCn65Ma-zHYgnr56LPAwWDTw
Country: United Kingdom
Description: We are Capital.com – the trusted and regulated online broker.

Capital.com is a smart and innovative investment app that allows anyone, from rookies to pros, to trade CFDs on shares, indices and commodities.

CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 87.41% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.

Videos are provided for general information only are not intended to provide trading or investment advice or any personal recommendations.  The information in these videos is indicative, and may become out of date at any given time.

Capital.com shall not be responsible for any loss that you incur, either directly or indirectly, arising from any investment based on any information in these videos.  Past performance of an investment does not guarantee future performance.

Facebook_username: capitalcom
Instagram_username: capitalcom
Language: en
Link: https://capital.com/invest-now?shortlink=2ysfxl0o&pid=SMM&af_xp=social
SUBS: 178000
Topic_categories: ["knowledge", "society"]
Twitter: https://twitter.com/capitalcom
Twitter_username: capitalcom
Views: 18518674