# Little Might

Avatar_Image: https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AMLnZu_eNkEeA3B6uEgS4gxtcLOMlK_PTWKtB4Sxo499=s800-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj
CODE: US
Channel_URL: /channel/UC5jJjdEyD0k6YYTGteM-Q4w
Country: United States
Description: Sharing business, leadership & productivity tips from an 8-figure founder to empower creators to create an impact.

Every week, I’ll be sharing my PROVEN tools, strategies and tips to help you go from a single idea to massive impact — whether you have experience or not.

About me: Since immigrating here from Northern Ireland in 2011 with a standing start and zero business experience I have transformed into a serial entrepreneur, creating multiple brands and helping others bring their ideas to life. 

As co-founder and CEO of BestSelf Co, we have taken the company from zero to 8-figures in two years. We won Shopify’s Build a Business Competition in 2016 and the Build a BIGGER Business competition in 2017 – making BestSelf Co. the only company to win both awards consecutively. Our lean team of 12 work remotely from all over the world to  

I have been featured in Fast Company’s 2017 Innovation by Design Awards, as well as Entrepreneur, MTV, Huffington Post, Forbes, Inc. and more.
Facebook_username: littlemightventures
Instagram_username: cathryn_lavery
Language: en
Link: http://littlemight.com
SUBS: 6010
Topic_categories: ["knowledge", "lifestyle (sociology)", "society", "technology"]
Twitter: https://twitter.com/cathrynlavery
Twitter_username: cathrynlavery
Views: 236272