# Glossary Update

MWG suggests to add these terms in the glossary:

**A**

***AMA*** (Ask Me Anything) — live broadcast in which Jsgenesis answers questions from the community.

***Ambassador Program*** — is an initiative typically launched by blockchain projects to extend their reach to different industries and to different locations.

***Atlas*** — a video platform managed by DAO, one of the products of Joystream.

***API*** (application programming interface) — application programming interface, an application programming interface, a description of the ways (a set of classes, procedures, functions, structures, or constants) that one computer program can interact with another program.

**B**

***Bug*** — an error in the program.

***Blockchain*** is a distributed database that contains information about all transactions conducted by the system's participants. The data is stored as a chain of blocks. A certain number of transactions are recorded in each of them.

***BitTorrent*** — is a file-sharing system.

**C**

***Crowdsale*** — collective cooperation of people, which consists in pooling their money or other resources in order to finance startups, projects, and campaigns of other people or organizations entering the ICO.

***Council*** — role in DAO. Council is periodically elected and they vote on proposals that control numerous aspects of the platform such as hiring Working Group leaders, budget and funding decisions as well as many others.

**D**

***DAO*** — Decentralized Autonomous Organisation.

**E**

***Ethereum*** — cryptocurrency and a platform for creating decentralized online services based on blockchain (decentralized applications) based on smart contracts.

**F**

***Founding member*** (FM) — член-основатель.

**K**

***KPI*** (key performance indicators) — determine success rates for the entire testnet system.

**N**

***Node*** — this is any computer connected to the blockchain network (needed for centralization and storage of information).

***Non-fungible token*** is a unique digital object that embodies something of value – a character in the game, an image, a domain name, a tweet, and an audio recording.

**P**

***Proposal*** — electronic voting system.

***Pioneer*** — Joystream DAO management application.

***Polkadot*** — this is a decentralized open-source blockchain, a fundamental network that allows the development of parachains on its basis, thereby simplifying the development of blockchains for new projects.

**S**

***Staking*** — "locking up" a portion of your cryptocurrency for a period of time as a way of contributing to a blockchain network.

***Smart contract*** — a computer algorithm designed to generate, control and provide information about the ownership of something. The fulfillment of the conditions is controlled by an algorithm created for this purpose without human intervention in an automatic mode.

**T**

***Testnet*** — this is an early version of the platform used to test the product of a cryptocurrency project

**V**

**Validators** — these are nodes of a decentralized network that confirm transactions and add them to blocks, ensuring the security of the blockchain.

**Verification** — Confirmation of personal information of users.