# Term 28

- Mon, 29 Jan
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Monday. January 29, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    **@vikan**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Over the weekend**
    
    - Updated EMA30 price on Pioneer
    - Provided feedback on Forum topics
    - Added command prompts to the telegram bot
    - Community moderation and support
    - Prepared report for Term 27
    - Prepared WG Plan for Term 28
    - Posted election Statistics & Announcement
    - Started preparing Weekly Roundup #25 Report
    
    **Today**
    
    - Finalise weekly roundup report
    - Review HR completed tasks for last term
    - Support for external communities
    - Coordinate with Council for handover meeting tomorrow
    - Disburse early council announcement incentive
    - Provide more feedback on forum topics
    - Community moderation & Support
    - Review Discord member users impersonating community/founding members.
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **Over the weekend**
    
    - Submitted plan and report for marketing working group
    - Outreach to some creators
    - Reviewing storyline for CRT videos
    
    **Today**
    
    - Create some openings, continue with outreach
    - Continue with out reach
    - Review last week’s YPP data and try to understand the surge in sign ups
    - Have a conversation with council on onekey
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Last Time**
    
    - Runtime council reduce budget extrinsic
    - DWGL support
    - DWG plan and report
    
    **Today**
    
    - Runtime finalise PR with reduce budget extrinsic
    - Runtime start with vested transfer extrinsic PR
    - DWGL support with LA node not having status endpoint responding
    - conversation with SWGL to better understand the cost of the DWG
    - Network call
    - DWGL update salaries
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Completed the FWG report
    - Forum moderation
    
    **@IgreX**
    
    - Due to the budget cut only one curator is available for YPP and the number of new channels increased 4 folds
    - About 150 in 200 increase per day of number of none YPP channel
    - Need for addition of second curator to YPP team and subsequent increase in budget
    - Download raw data from YPP channels and prepare the weekly report
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Done over the weekend**
    
    - Finished Nara release checklist - [https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/issues/5064](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/issues/5064)
    - Worked on Nara QA setup
    - Prepared AWG/BWG plans&reports
    - Created proposal to pause AWG
    - Created 2 pre-proposals
    - Added video fees estimation to [https://joyutils.org/](https://joyutils.org/)
    
    **Today**
    
    - Work on council plan
    - Continue discussions on pre-proposals
    - Make sure we're all set with Nara QA
    - Argus & Colossus reviews
    - We'll see
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Storage report
    - Reading other reports
    - Conversations with **@klaudiusz.eth** on various cost issues
    - Talking to **@mrbovo.eth** on how to optimize the cost of infrastructure
    - Write up on DAO allocation of resources
    
    **@vikan**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Approve proposal
    - Participate in a couple of discussion
    
    **Today**
    
    - Go through working group reports and budgets
    - Get started on the working group plan
    - Participate in several discussions with the council
    - Give feedbacks on forum discussions
    - Approve proposals
    - Get started on Calculating block salaries for term 27
- Tue, 30 Jan
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Tuesday. January 30, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    **@vikan**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Finalised weekly roundup #25 report
    - Reviewed HR completed tasks for last term
    - Support for external communities
    - Included Agenda with Council for today's Handover meeting
    - Disbursed early council announcement incentive and announced cancellation of program.
    - Community moderation & Support
    - Reviewed Discord member usernames impersonating community/founding members.
    
    **Today**
    
    - Follow up with Gleev team for YPP payout data to include in weekly roundup report before publishing
    - Attend Council Handover meeting
    - Update the DAO workers database with hired, fired and resigned workers and update DAO vacancies too
    - Community support and moderation
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Drafting openings
    - Outreach to creators
    - Outreach to oneKey(incentives would be given to the first)
    
    **Today**
    
    - Outreach to creators
    - Attend council Handover meeting
    - Post content on twitter and blog
    - Announcement for oneKey (when landing page would be up in their site)
    
    **@IgreX**
    
    - I'm preparing a YPP Report.
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Monitor the forum
    - Forum moderation
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - There’s been a lot more signups lately, slowed down a bit today
    - Working on the Roadmap V2
    - Discussion on the consolidation of forum and membership working group into HR
    - Attend Handover meeting
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Investigate distributor node specs for cost optimisation
    - compile distributor operators cost per month
    - call with **@YYAGI** about spec optimisation
    - Nara call
    
    **Today**
    
    - Council Handover
    - Runtime PR for council budget reduction
    - Alert DWG for salary reduction as discussed yesterday during my call with **@YYAGI**
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Done yesterday:**
    
    *Council:*
    
    - Reviewed all WG plans
    - Worked on council plan
    - Finalized pausing of AWG
    - Submitted (pre-)proposals and participated in discussions
    - Call with yyagi to discuss a couple of topics about governance and SWG
    
    *BWG:*
    
    - Nara release call
    - Nara testnet QA operations
    - Small investigation into Pioneer constant refreshing issues
    - Looked into possibility of community Ethereum bridge
    
    **Planned today:**
    
    - Council handover meeting
    - Finalize council plan
    - Possibly a call on OKRs
    - Look into validators QA
    - Check Nara QA
    - Strategize BWG workforce and spending
    
    **@vikan**
    
    - Daily announcements
    - Compiling and publishing Meeting Notes for standup and handover
    - Get started on block salary calculation
    - Attend council handover
    - Finalize council plan for the term
    - Participate in Discussion in the council and forum topics
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Working with the storage group, looking at the numbers to see what can be done
    - Fired one worker and reduced the salary of one
    - One server was disconnected by the service provider
    - Plans to reduce workers to 10
    - Discussions in the council and technical working group guys
    
    **Today**
    
    - Meetings with council and participate in forum discussion
    - Continues exploration on how to reduce worker count in the SWG
    - Consolidate one operator into another
    - Follow up with the recently set up operator
- Wed, 31 Jan
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Wednesday. January 31, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    @v.i.k.a.n
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - We had Weekly roundup #25 report published
    - Attended Council Handover meeting
    - Updated the DAO workers database with hired, fired and resigned workers and update DAO vacancies too
    - Community support and moderation
    
    **Today**
    
    - Published Midterm meeting Event and sent reminder via email to all Leads & CMs
    - Reach out to council for meeting Agenda
    - Publish Fireside chat event on discord for next week Tuesday
    - Community Moderation and Support
    - Tasks adjustment and budget refill from Term 28 council plan
    - Continue members username review
    - Community announcement
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Council Handover
    - Runtime PR for council budget reduction
    - Alert DWG for salary reduction as discussed yesterday during my call with @YYAGI + address inquiries
    - Short call with **@klaudiusz.eth** for validator / nominator APR
    - Investigate on my storage node being crashed & opened an issue on Github
    
    **Today**
    
    - Further investigation on my storage node not synching
    - Runtime PR rebase work on Luxor branch
    - Continue with Luxor runtime work
    
    **@prontera.**
    
    - Curators from today will stop posting information about: Unavailable videos, Unfinished uploads, Slowly loading in general videos.
    - For other problematic videos, a "Reported videos" thread was requested to be created on discord.
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Forum Moderation
    - Budget refill proposals
    - Might submit an issue on GH to freeze scammers wallet
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - Finished and submitted a signal proposal for the roadmap
    
    @v.i.k.a.n
    
    **For HR**
    
    - Daily announcements and meeting notes
    - Update attendance databases
    - Calculate discretionary spending for last term
    
    **For Council**
    
    - Go through proposals approve and give feedback
    - Coordinate with HR to schedule time to finalize the Q1 OKRs also a meeting to follow up on the discussion about locked token payment
    - Get working on items in the council plan
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    **Storage**
    
    -Follow up on
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    ’s node issue
    
    - Reducing head count in storage
    - Capacity planning
    - Work on the dashboard (problem with pulling data from elastic search)
    - Looking to start drafting Job description for a bounty for the deployment module (need someone to do some experiment and design document on how elastic deployment storage works )
    - Start a conversation with **@klaudiusz.eth** about reducing replication rate
    
    **Council**
    
    - Work on resource allocation and draft a write up on it
    - Read jenny’s report on CWG assessment
    - Work on finalising the OKRs
    
    ## **Discussion**
    
    - Idea of locked/vested token payment, HR to coordinate a focus meeting to further discuss this idea
- Thur, 1 Feb
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Thursday. February 1, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    **@vikan**
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Published Midterm and sent reminder to Leads and CMs
    - Community Moderation and Support
    - Had members username review
    - Community announcement
    
    **Today**
    
    - Updated boilerplate responses for community support
    - Added a couple of command prompts for telegram bot
    - Updated the Telegram rules and made some adjustments
    - More community support/moderation
    - Council plan for tasks and budget refill
    - Attend OKR finalisation call this morning after Standup
    - Collaborate with CWGL on further engagements with creators
    
    **@prontera.**
    
    - Over the last 4days 145 channels has been checked
    - 190 channels waiting for verification
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Continues work from yesterday
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Tuesday & yesterday**
    
    - Council handover
    - Work on council plan
    - Governance discussions
    - Nara QA
    - Started planning for long-term BWG workforce
    - Validators dashboard QA - a bunch of research on rewards for nominators and what we should display in the UI
    - Paid bounties for Pioneer development and designs
    
    **Today:**
    
    - OKRs call
    - Follow up on reported issues with uploads
        
        ![](https://discordapp.com/assets/1d1dfaa9e1307e5d63df.svg)
        
    - Investigate issues with RPC reported by Talisman team
    - Nara QA
    - Followup on QA status for Atlas CRTs
    - Look a bit more into validators APR and what to display
    - Follow up on WalletConnect implementation
    - Small PR reviews for storage squid/infra nodes
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Forum moderation and monitoring the forum
- Fri, 2 Feb
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Friday. February 2, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    **@vikan**
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Updated boilerplate responses for community support
    - Added a couple of command prompts for telegram bot
    - Updated the Telegram rules and made some adjustments
    - Community support/moderation
    - No adjustment for tasks, made a budget refill
    - Attended OKR finalisation call
    - Working with CWGL on further engagements with creators
    - Set up google calendar for Joystream Community Events
    
    **Today**
    
    - Review and publish Handover meeting note
    - Check for Feedback on Event calendar and create more events
    - Community announcements
    - Moderation and Support
    
    **Weekend**
    
    - Weekly roundup #26 report
    - Plan for quarterly Net Promoters Score survey
    - Plan for DAO workers survey
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    :
    
    - Focused on finalizing the runtime work for along the working group lead to send from the budget requesting
    - Solve the issue on my storage node by formatting to RAID - 0
    - add unit test and possibly integration test to the WG spending extrinsic on Runtime
    
    **Today**
    
    :
    
    - finalise PR for vested payment hopefully
    - solve issue in my storage node
    - minor touches on the Validators handbook page in light of the latest discussions
    - check current DWG budget status
    
    **@IgreX**
    
    - YPP unverified channels are 139 now, everything would be verified today
    - Start a discussion on pioneer regarding internal ethics
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Various problems in SWG, forwarded some problems to **@klaudiusz.eth** and **@zeeshanakram**
    - OKRs meeting
    
    **Today**
    
    - Continue with SWG problems
    - Reach out to CWG for a discussion on how to improve operations and save cost
    
    **@vikan**
    
    **For HR**
    
    - Daily announcements and meeting notes for standup
    - Update attendance database on notion
    - Monitor twitter page and answer questions if any
    
    **For council**
    
    - Go through pending proposals and approve any i can
    - Coordinate with council to schedule a meeting for marketing based OKR items
    - Discussions towards budget related items in the council plan like reducing the head count of HR after consolidation
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Done yesterday:**
    
    - OKRs call
    - Some marketing discussions
    - Followed up on issues with uploads reported by users, investigating Colossus
    - Nara QA
    - Followup on Atlas CRT QA
    - Reviewing WalletConnect implementation, some discussions with **@attemka**
    - Call with a professional validator
    - Looking into validators APR a bit more
    
    Today:
    
    - Review calendar solution found by **@Codefikeyz**
    - Share some marketing thoughts
    - Set up my OneKey for development
    - Nara QA
    - Schedule some community tests for validators dashboard
    - Continue Colossus uploads investigation
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - Providing community support and response to curious newcomers
    - Working on some governance related tasks
    
    **Notable Topic**
    
    : Update on the Cana DAO proposal,
    
    **@tomato**
    
    to follow up on it
    
- Mon, 5 Feb
    
    
- Tue, 6 Feb
    
    
- Wed, 7 Feb
    
    
- Thur, 8 Feb
    
    
- Fri, 9 Feb