# Term 21

- Mon 16th, Oct.
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    16th October 2023
    Duration: 27mins
    Council in Attendance:
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    **@Chaos77**
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **Meeting Update:**
    
    - Increase in Sign-Ups: Over 400 channels signed up within the past 12 hours.
    - Weekly Roundup Development: The weekly roundup was developed early, thanks to team efforts. **@0x2bc** **@Genius** **@Codefikeyz**
    - Lead scoring: **@Codefikeyz** shared insight on how the process is going.
    - Joystream Ambassador Program: Further review is necessary before launching program, finding the best platform for launch - **@leet_joy**
    - Marketing Working Group Access: **@leet_joy** hinted on acquiring access to Gleev YPP sign-up analytics for marketing purposes.
    - Referral Program: Discussion on improving the referral program and providing incentives for active referrals.
    - Content Working Group Compensation: **@leet_joy** mentioned working on finalizing council report for the previous term, starting council plan for this term, CWG compensation, and testing refill proposal for the DAO stable coin treasury.
- Tues. 17th Oct
    
    **DAO Daily Standup Meeting Notes**
    
    *Date: October 4, 2023*
    
    Council in Attendance:
    
    - leetJoy
    - chaos77
    - 0x2bc
    
    **Agenda:**
    
    - Flat Rate Salary for All DAO Workers
    - Translation Service for Joystream Website
    
    **Meeting Note:**
    
    **Translation Service for Joystream Website**
    
    **1. Website Translation:**
    
    Discussed the languages to be included in the website translation; identified a total of 14 languages to date.
    
    - Analysis and comparison of prices and quality of services from various translation companies.
    
    **1. Budget for Translation Services:**
    
    Deliberated on the allocation of funds for website translation and how much the DAO can reasonably spend on these services.
    
    **1. Priority Languages:**
    
    Examined which languages should be given priority for translation on the website.
    
    **1. External Review:**
    
    Emphasized the importance of external review by native-speaking founding members and community members to account for terms that may not exist in certain languages.
    
    **Flat Rate Salary for All DAO Workers**
    
    **1. Salary Payment Mechanism:**
    
    The council proposed using the EMA30 conversion rate for salary payments across the DAO.
    
    **1. Stable Coin Salary Payment:**
    
    Discussion on situations in which we might need to pay salaries using stable coins from the DAO's stable coin treasury.
    
- Wed. 18th Oct
    
    **DAO Daily Standup Meeting Notes**
    
- Thur. 19th Oct
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    **19th October 2023**
    
    Council Attendance:
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    **@Chaos77**
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **Meeting Note Summary:**
    
    **Website Verification Progress:**
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    - Finalizing website verification members
    - Awaiting responses from outreach workers
    
    **Tasks Update:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    - Review and Publish handover meeting note - Done by **@vikan**
    - Publish DAO workers survey
    - Give another try at uploading video on HR gleev channel
    - Review the DAO salary database - Done by **@Genius**
    - Review the feedback gotten so far from the Creators survey - Done by **@spat_sochi**
    
    **Tasks Update:**
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    - Working on inflation
    - Content working group compensation
    - Implementing action items from Q4 OKRs to council plan
    - Addressing distribution server issues
    
    **Builders Side Update:**
    
    **@Chaos77**
    
    - Klaudiusz completed email notification feature for Pioneer MVP release
    - Training builders to work creatively
    
    + Gyroflow Script Issue Review Task Completion Status Check:
    
    - Reviewing completed builder tasks
    - Identifying issues with Gyroflow script accuracy
    
    + Automation Scripts:
    
    - Increasing automation script budget by $1000
    - Gyroflow to complete tasks by October 13th
    
    **Storage Working Group:**
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Monitoring capacity
    - Upgrading devices
    - Addressing storage team performance issues
    
    **Time Management:**
    
    - **@leet_joy** suggested limiting agenda items in future meetings to ensure focused discussions on important topics.
- Fri. 20th Oct
    
    # DAO DAILY STANDUP
    
    20th October 2023
    
    Council Attendance:
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    **@Chaos77**
    
    ## **Task Updates**
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    :
    
    - Update council term plans
    - Preparing the table for one of the key term results
    - Ypp referral program improvement (research)
    - Acknowledging top 3 crypto channels for the week.
    - Procuring a tool for curating videos to enhance content curation efficiency.
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    :
    
    - Focusing on council tasks for this term
    - Working on the weekly roundup report
    - Reviewing WG budget plan
    
    **@Chaos77**
    
    :
    
    - Exploring ways to reduce JSG review time for BWG development
    
    **@spat_sochi**
    
    :
    
    - Reaching out to DAO workers to complete survey form
    - Assisting with technical issues in the community
    - Community support on CMC
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    :
    
    - Working on a proposal for the BWG to address and troubleshoot the storage response time issue
    
    **@$Mayor Tee.$JOY**
    
    :
    
    - Active community support over the weekend.
- Mon. 23th Oct
    
    # DAO DAILY STANDUP
    
    23rd October 2023
    
    Council Attendance:
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    ## **Task Updates**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    - Review feedbacks from DAO survey:
    
    a survey was sent out to DAO workers last week pertaining general DAO working condition and the feedbacks would be reviewed for improvements
    
    - Review content creators response:
    
    feedback from survey sent out to content creators will be reviewed
    
    - Conclusion of weekly report:
    
    weekly report scheduled for council review
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    - Finalise weekly report: push weekly report for council review
- Tues. 24th Oct
    
    **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    October 24, 2023
    ```
    
    **Work Status Update**
    
    - Discussion on Telegram Roles for Workers
    - Reviewed the response to the workers' satisfaction survey.
    - Steps to address challenges in getting workers to respond.
    - Strategies to prevent faucet abuse and multiple membership creation.
    - Comprehensive review of the response to the workers' satisfaction survey.
    - Discussed the steps taken to encourage workers to respond.
    - Areas of improvement and engagement strategies.
    - Measures to prevent faucet abuse and the creation of multiple memberships.
    - Importance of maintaining the integrity of the system.
    - Discussed potential solutions and their implementation.
    - Yasir requested 15 minutes in the next standup meeting to delve into infrastructure-related matters.
    - Highlighted the importance of infrastructure for the DAO's operations.
- Wed. 25th Oct
    
    # DAO Daily Standup
    
    25th October 2023
    
    Council Attendance:
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    ## **Meeting Note Summary:**
    
    @klaudiusz.eth :
    
    - Email notification will be live soon on Pioneer
    - Testing for early users before it's fully live
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    :
    
    - Explainer video ready for Joy Supply, to be finalized in 2 days.
    
    **@tomato**
    
    :
    
    - Easier integration with Nova Wallet for Parity Signer
    - Encouraging everyone to update their social networks displayed on the Pioneer profile
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    :
    
    - proposing topics for video contents
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    :
    
    - Need to submit a council plan before the term ends
    - Proposing a change in the block at which the council term's price is calculated
    - Establishing a database for all the explainer videos required for the Joystream project
- Thur. 26th Oct
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    October 26, 2023
    ```
    
    **Work Status Update** 
    
    - Discussing the process of updating social media handles on Pioneer.
    - Tomato suggested creating GitHub issues to support GitHub profiles for working groups like BWG and making Pioneer handles clickable.
    - A consideration to pay for inclusion in NOVA wallet.
    - Evaluating the benefits and comparing it to our existing wallet options.
    - Leet_joy is researching options for market making, as relying on third-party market makers has proven costly.
    - Exploring the relevance and advantages of listing on multiple exchanges.
    - Considering existing exchange options like Gate.io and OKX.
    - An update on the proposal for the reporting cycle.
    - Discussion about revising the proposal related to the Nara upgrade.
- Fri. 27th Oct
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    October 27, 2023
    ```
    
    **Work Status Update** 
    
    - ways to make the front page of gleev look more attractive especially to new visitors; a possible criteria for videos to appear on the front page of gleev(comments, views e.t.c)
    - proposing a change of time for morning standup; current time might not be convenient for everyone and the possibility of finding a more inclusive convenient time taking other community calls into consideration
    - plans to market joystream to the American continents
    - A way forward with the L1.media gateway; being that it is featured on the joystream website as one of the gateways on its chain there should be some kind of improvements on it