# Term 27

- Mon, 15 Jan
    
    ## 
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Monday. January 15, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    **@tomato**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Weekend**
    
    - Published Term 26 report and Term 27 HR Plan
    - Started work on Weekly report
    - Reviewed a DAO worker's misconduct in MWG and evicted worker in HR
    - Created a new Community moderator opening for HR
    - Community support
    
    **Today**
    
    - Review HR completed tasks for last term
    - Complete Weekly roundup and schedule for tomorrow's publishing
    - Attend DAO 2023 Operations
    - Downloaded Onekey and Subwallet to review features and increase support enquiries
    - Continue Bounty process v1
    - Draft Handover meeting agenda with Council
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **Weekend**
    
    - Submitted report for last term
    - Worked on the Plan for this term
    - Review of verification page on the Joystream website for workers (removed fired workers and added a few new workers)
    - Worked on some outreach with creators
    
    **Today**
    
    - Outreach
    - Marketing call with **@bythekingmaker** to synchronize content creation and what would be done this week
    - Scheduled Call with a crypto project
    - Create new opening
    - Content creation(top 3 channels thread and honorable mentions)
    - Creating clips and highlights from bedeho's interview
    - Find someone that can test oneKey to confirm function before publishing the integration
    - Ambassador program preparation(proposal has been approved by council)
    - Research on export of YPP customers and maybe contact some creators and highlight them on twitter
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - Working on council activity(reports for last term and plan for this term)
    - Working on improving discord activities and role assignment to improve communication
    - Monitoring the faucet
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Done Friday & the weekend:**
    
    - Scoped out WalletConnect epic including design brief(would try to find a designer this term)
    - Ordered OneKey wallet for development
    - Discussed the Atlas operator selection bug with Radek and made sure we release the fix
    - Reviewed one PR for Discord bot
    - Added joyutils endpoint to polkadot apps
    - Prepared reports and plans for AWG and BWG
    - Created issues for few improvements to Argus & Colossus nodes for things like resumable uploads and other things we should have
    
    **Today**
    
    - Watch JIP1 explainer
    - Test labelling QN PR
    - Review Validators module optimization PR
    - Review second Discord bot PR (clean up the constant assignments and un-assignment of roles)
    - Prepare a bounty for smaller Pioneer issues
    - Look into Argus and Colossus issues BWG could tackle
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Onboarding new workers
    - Looking at new firmware upgrade
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Working group report
    - Budget refill proposal
    - Forum moderation
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Last Time**
    
    **DWGL**
    
    - open application for restoring Mumbai Node
        - sync with candidate on server provider choice
        - new argus release support
        - 26th term review
        - 27th term plan
    
    **Today**
    
    **DWGL**
    
    - update salaries for DWG workers
        - refill missing salaries from previous term
        - hire worker for South Asia region and provide necessary support
    - **BWG**:
        - Bridging: review notes on sygma
        - Bridging: produce first draft for the plan on Bridge work
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **Weekend**
    
    - Worked on the pending council task from last term
    - Worked on Council report (submitted a forum post)
    
    **Today**
    
    - Proposal for the multisig payment
    - Finalize liquidity provision ( **@leet_joy** to put up the proposal)
    - Start working on the council plan from already prepared template
    - Working on the presentation for the DAO spending overview analysis
    - Follow up on the weekly roundup
    - Vote on proposals
    - Review translation proposal
    - Continue with the unfinished CWG Assessment
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    - Getting up to speed with council report, budgets
    - Work on council plan
    - Reviewing lead scoring scheme and testrun
    - Final review of Ambassador program
- Tue, 16 Jan
    
    ## 
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Tuesday. January 16, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Worked on the Weekly roundup
    - Attended DAO 2023 Operations
    - Worked on Bounty process v1
    - Reminder on Handover meeting
    - Disbursed Council's early application incentive
    - Created a video content from DAO 2023 operations presentation
    - Community support and moderation
    - Updated DAO workers database on notion
    
    **Today**
    
    - Finish up Weekly roundup for publishing
    - Attend and Moderate 27th Council handover meeting with note taking
    - Review and schedule interview with potential Community moderator applicants
    - Work on Bounty process v1
    - Community support on external communities (CMC, twitter, YT)
    - Discord and Telegram moderation
    - Follow up on Translation funding pre-proposal
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Watched JIP1 explainer
    - Looked into validators module progress
    - Reviewed Discord bot PR
    - Agreed on small Pioneer fixes bounty
    - Looked into issues with Gleev previews generation
    - Bunch of storage work - cleaned up old Argus & Colossus issues, created Github project to track development, discussions
    - Some discussions with council regarding split between BWG & AWG and the compensation
    - Discussion about Ethereum bridge development with Mrbovo & a brief look at the architectural design for that
    - Conversation with zeachan and morkter on some features and subsquid integration
    - Call with SWGL
    
    **Today**
    
    - Test labelling QN PR
    - Another Discord bot PR review
    - Continue storage work - more testing for Subsquid integration, prioritize issues, etc
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - **DWGL**
        - update salaries for DWG workers
        - refill missing salaries from previous term
        - hire worker for South Asia region and provide necessary support
        - 2023 DAO call
    - **BWG**
        - Network release call
        - Sygma Ethereum bridge tentative plan
        - Freeze pallet fix PR review
    
    **Today**
    
    - **DWGL**
        - Handover meeting
        - finalise hire of South Asia operator
        - sync and support with Singapore node operator since his node is offline
    - **BWG**
        - Ethereum bridge: integrate sygma pallets in our runtime and solve dependencies
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Outreach
    - Content creation, post on socials and week planning for twitter
    - Test for oneKey
    - Some documentation for ambassadorship program
    - Research for YPP customer snapshots (prepare twitter thread for our top channels)
    - Choosing highlights from bedeho’s interview that would be converted into short videos for twitter posts
    
    **Today**
    
    - Outreach to nova wallet(joystream has been integrated to nova specter so i will be testing the functionality)
    - Reviewing staking tutorial video by robert
    - Preparation for ambassador program launch
    - Uploaded council presentation for the 2023 DAO operations
    - Work on blogpost regarding the 2023 operations
    - Attend handover meeting
    - Collecting keywords for google adwords campaign
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - onboarding new workers.
    - one node capacity upgrade
    - preparing and verifying code upgrade.
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Curated the category related to runtime upgrades and moved the related items
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Attended the 2023 DAO operations review
    - Completed the Council plan
    - Discussion about increasing the BWG budget to accommodate the council plan
    - Discussion on the BWGL compensation
    - Watched the JIP explainer video
    - Discussion on DAO leads salary adjustment
    
    **Today**
    
    - Discussion on DAO-wide salary assessment
    - Review lead assessment program
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Worked on the council plan
    - Reviewed WG plans
    - Discussion in the council about WG budgets
    
    **Today**
    
    - Attend Handover meeting
    - Give feedback to **@klaudiusz.eth** on his salary increase thread
    - Would submit proposal to hire leet_joy as the liquidity provider
    - Vote on pending proposals
- Wed, 17 Jan
    
    ## 
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Wednesday. January 17, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@tomato**
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Completed the weekly roundup and effected reviews
    - Attended and Moderated 27th Council handover meeting with the note currently bekng prepared by Vikan
    - Reviewed opening and scheduled interview with potential Community moderator applicants.
    - We had some community support on external communities (CMC, twitter, YT)
    - Discord and Telegram moderation
    
    **Today**
    
    - Follow up on Translation project with Council and Dzidex
    - Hold a call interview with 3 Community moderator applicants
    - Attend Gleev YPP call
    - Community support and moderation
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    - Outreach
    - Attended handover meeting
    - Uploaded content on how to stake Joy on our gleev channel
    - Collection of data to make up content from important meetings, make a few thumbnails(would try to upload again today)
    - Tested nova spectrum wallet(couldn’t add custom RPC, would follow up with the team on a fix)
    - Worked on google ad words campaign creation
    
    **Today**
    
    - Follow up on oneKey team on the firmware upgrade
    - Create a json file and create a PR on DAO verification profiles
    - Content creation and posting updates on socials
    - Continue with the ambassadorship program preparations
    - Participate in YPP call
    - Coordinate with HR and collect list of DAO workers with twitter profile who can help with the Tangem outreach
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Prepared ideas on how to proceed with labelling implementation in Pioneer (no designs for that)
    - Another round of Review on the Discord bot PR
    - Reviewed changes to storage subquid
    - Reviewed storage squid Argus & Colossus integration
    - Started process of looking for designers for WalletConnect and more, contacted 4 candidates
    - Some more experiments with Cloudflare proxy for distributor node
    - Started testing labelling QN PR
    
    **Today**
    
    - Finish testing labelling QN PR
    - Discord bot PR review again (hopefully close it today)
    - Select a designer to work on WalletConnect designs
    - Storage support as needed
    - Add support for monitoring storage operators via DWG ping tool
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Working on onboarding new workers
    - Working on the missing object situation, testing the script to see how best to use
    - Working with
    
    **@zeeshanakram**
    
    ,
    
    **@mokhtar**
    
    and
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    on upgrade of my node
    
    - Prepare for the infrastructure part of the roadmap
    - Work on the storage monitoring dashboard
    - Calls with council members
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    Y
    
    **esterday**
    
    - Attended the handover call
    - Sorted out some budget related discrepancies with fellow council members
    - Discussions in council on several areas
    - Working on lead scoring
    
    **Today**
    
    - Attend Gleev/YPP call
    - Go through forum threads
    - Voted on some proposals
    - Continue working on lead scoring system
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Monitoring the forum
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - Mainly doing housekeeping work and some outstanding items on my to-do list.
    - Attended a meeting with the council yesterday where we discussed some WGs and budgets.
- Thu,  18 Jan
    
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Thursday. January 4, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday/Today**
    
    - Published Net Promoter Score for Q4 2023
    - Scheduled OKR Q1 Strategic meeting
    - Follow up with the Translate.com team on JS website translation
    - Provide feedback on forum threads
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    - Content creation new format
    - Finalizing voice over script for new videos
    - Finalizing voice over tool selection
    - Outreach on Gatelive
    - Call with an agency
    - Update the proposal for liquidity provision
    - Ambassador program documents review
    - Go through OKRs and leave a feedback
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    - Small fixes to the creator tool for playback
    - Check problem reports
    - SWG and DWG investigation on issues with collosus
    - Create Doc to pay for past works
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - Schedule a meeting with BWG
    - Update the roadmap on the website
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Attend to Issue with collosus
    - A call with worker
    - Onboarding a new worker
    
    **@0x2bc**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Focus on council plan
    - Voted on proposals
    
    **Today**
    
    - Continue research on financial planning
    - Assessment on Q4 OKR and input on Q1 OKR
- Fri, 19 Jan
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Friday. January 5, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    - Provided some support on our twitter page
    - Attend discussion on CanaDAO proposal
    - Continue providing feedback on Forum threads
    - Proceed with HR Code of conduct proposal
    - Publish the Q1 2024 OKR meeting note on council notion page
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Fixes for the curator tool, a new feature was also developed
    - Worked on issues with collosus
    
    **Today**
    
    - Continue working on issues with collosus
    - Work on the council report tool
    - Nara upgrade test with **@freakstatic**
    - Prepare a roadmap for BWG developments
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    - Content creation and repurposing of content
    - Google ad campaign
    - Outreach to creators
    - Posted a thread for liquidity application
    - Documentation related to ambassador program
    - Communication with a Columbian marketing agency
    - Research on some possible cex listing
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Follow up on hiring a new worker
    - Follow up with the bugs that **@zeeshanakram** and **@mokhtar** are working on
    - Attend DAO meeting with canaDAO
    - Meeting with **@Jenny** and **@0x2bc**
    
    **@IgreX**
    
    - Curation is back to normal as tools are working now
    - Proposal for content reward program has been approved and a proposal for collecting videos is underway
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    - Discussions with council
    - Review of council plan
    - Attend meeting with cana DAO
    - Meeting with yasir and 0x2bc
- Mon, 22 Jan
    
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Monday. January 22, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@tomato**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Over the Weekend**
    
    - Had HR worker @genius develop meeting note on the Community moderators interview call
    - Further reviewed the application and responses from candidates for the community moderator role
    - Began work on the Weekly report
    - Researched on alternatives for hosting our image files for publishing on Joystream blog
    - Began post recording of the Roadmap v2 discussion
    - Had an interview with an applicant for Community moderator role
    - Community support and moderation
    
    **Today**
    
    - Pushed request for an editing made on the weekly roundup #3
    - Attend Midterm meeting
    - Fill opening for Community moderator role
    - Onboard newly hired worker
    - Publish the interview meeting note that we had last week on HR notion
    - Continue work on the weekly report for last week
    - Continue editing all the weekly reports we've published on Joystream blog with images hosted on imgur.com after PR review
    - Community support and moderation
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    **Weekend**
    
    - Outreach (ongoing discussion with few creators who will be making content for Joystream)
    - Posting updates on socials and content creation
    - Ambassador program preparations (prep announcement for blog posting)
    - Proposed the first task for liquidity provision
    
    **Today**
    
    - Content creation and repurposing of highlights from interview
    - Look into YPP customers expert from hubspot (make top 3 channel post)
    - Join midterm meeting
    - Finalise collabs with creators
    - Look into How to fix broken images on weekly roundups
    - Review the storyline for creator token anticipation video from our designer on fiverr
    - Continue with Ambassador program preparations
    - Coordinate with codify on our tangem innitiative
    - Upload some content on our pokerverse profile
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Done over the weekend:**
    
    - Roadmap call
    - Added storage operators support to ping tool, deployed and created dashboards to lookup results
    - Participated in forum discussions, created discussion about resource allocation
    - Prepared plan for Nara testnet QA
    
    **Today:**
    
    - Applied to run for council
    - Mid-term meeting
    - Next runtime upgrade meeting
    - Fix operators downtime alerting (DWG + SWG)
    - Work on Nara QA as needed
    - Deploy updated Discord bot
    - Review WalletConnect designs
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Finished onboarding one worker
    - Hiring process for one worker
    - Participated in a few forum discussions
    - Experimenting with the new tool for lost objects
    - Working and cleaning the documentation to sync with the main repo
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Over the weekend**
    
    - continue on small colossus issues
    - possibly contribute to the topic of DAO budget on the forum post
    - Took part on the roadmap discussion
    
    **Today**
    
    :
    
    - Attend Nara call
    - Attend Council midterm meeting
    - Publish short proposal for council budget and validator reward explainer
    - Finalise hire of South Asia node
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - Monitoring the faucet
    - Still waiting for the validator dashboard to commence verification
    - Discussions on budgeting and liquidity
- Tue, 23 Jan
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Tuesday. January 23, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Pushed request for an editing made on the weekly roundup #3
    - Attended Midterm meeting
    - Filled opening for Community moderator role
    - Onboarded newly hired worker
    - Published the interview meeting note that we had last week on HR notion
    - Worked on the weekly report for last week
    - Community support and moderation
    
    **Today**
    
    - Finalised and sent weekly roundup draft for council review and publishing
    - Create a proposal for Telegram Mod rights for HR workers
    - Finalise Bounty process v1
    - Review Joystream block and schedule council meeting for term 28
    - Reproduce the mideterm meeting video recording
    - Community moderation and support
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Attended Nara call
    - Attended council handover
    - Publish short proposal for council budget and validator reward explainer
    - Finalise hire of South asia node
    - Took a look at the proposal for the council budget
    
    **Today**
    
    - Finished jupyter notebook on budget computation and token price relation
    - Write Handbook page for validators
    - Grab one of the tasks for collosus
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - 5h of calls (standup + midterm + runtime + 2x yyagi + Dima)
    - Fixed DWG alerting, added discord alerting for SWG
    - Made a number of improvements to Discord role bot and deployed the update - [https://github.com/Joystream/discord-bot/pull/31](https://github.com/Joystream/discord-bot/pull/31)
    - Discussed WalletConnect implementation with attemka
    - Looked at WalletConnect designs
    - Applied for the council
    
    **Planned today:**
    
    - Review validator module QA plan
    - Finish review of WalletConnect designs
    - Take a look at Nara QA if needed
    - Do final review of Subsquid integration into Argus&Colossus
    
    **@IgreX**
    
    - The group of curators is working normally.
    - Preparing a weekly report on YPP.
    - I also found some nuances (issue) with the channel weights in Gleev, which probably does not matter much due to the imminent implementation of the system of recommended videos.
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Focus on ideas that **@bedeho** suggested and doing research on it
    - Clean up on documentation
    - Monitoring of server
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Forum moderation
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    - Outreach to creators and execution of collaborations
    - Post content on twitter(top 3 channels of the week)
    - Post weekly roundup on Blog
    - Continue work on ambassadorship program
    - Cordinate with bedeho to fix broken images on blog
    - Submit a proposal for additional liquidity
    - Participate on budget discussions on pioneer
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Participate in several meetings
    - Meetings with council
    
    **Today**
    
    - Draft new scope for CWG
    - Continue work on OKRs
    - Go through MRbovos doc about validator forcast
    - Response on klaudius about JIP
    - Start Assessment of HR
    
    ## **Notable Discussion**
    
    - How to scale down on storage cost
    
- Wed, 24 feb
    
    ## 
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Wednesday. January 24, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **@tomato**
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Weekly roundup #24 review and publishing
    - Created a proposal for Telegram Mod rights for HR workers
    - Finalised Bounty process v1
    - Reviewed Joystream block and scheduled 28th handover meeting
    - Community moderation and support
    
    **Today**
    
    - Updated workers database with fired and resigned workers
    - Call with MasaXYZ on HR Gleev channel issue
    - Create handover meeting event on discord
    - Review and publish mid-term meeting note
    - Attend Gleev/YPP call
    - Community moderation/support
    
    **@leet_joy**
    
    - Handle unfinished tasks from robert (Review storyline from a designer from fivrre)
    - Find a video editor to work on the interview by bedeho
    - Announcement to increase awareness for the newly available Joystream oneKey device
    - Start liquidity operations
    - Contact a few google ad words specialist plan to hire one of them to perform research on improving keyword
    - Coordinate with codify on how to increase our chances at addition to tangem
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Reviewed validator module QA
    - Reviewed WalletConnect designs and shared feedback with the designer
    - Did final review and tests of Subsquid integration into Argus & Colossus and was merged
    - chatted with subsquid team
    - A bunch of community discussions
    - Set up for Nara upgrade QA and started upgrade checklist
    
    **Planned today**
    
    - Proceed with Nara upgrade QA
    - Participate in forum discussions
    - Check CWG request and see what can be done to help
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Today**
    
    - finished jupyter notebook on budget computation and token price relation
    - handbook page for validators
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - handbook page for validators
    - cache miss logs for argus
    - possibly prepare proposal for evaluating cost opportunity for clustering storage nodes
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    **Today/lately**
    
    - voted on the liquidity provision proposal
    - following up on discussions about the treasury.
    - Reviewing forum posts especially [https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/799?post=5978](https://pioneerapp.xyz/#/forum/thread/799?post=5978)
    - voted on elections
    - preparing for a council call later today.
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Forum moderation
    - Update some obsolete info on forum
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    - Plan continue on yesterday’s unfinished tasks
    - Would create a thread to set up the initial parameters for JIP process
- Thur, 25 Jan
    
    ## 
    
    ## **DAO Daily Standup**
    
    ```
    Thursday. January 25, 2024
    ```
    
    ### **Council in Attendance:**
    
    **@Jenny**
    
    **@tomato**
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    ### **Status report:**
    
    **@Codefikeyz**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    - Updated workers database with fired and resigned workers
    - Call with WRadoslaw on HR Gleev channel issue
    - Create handover meeting event on discord
    - Review and publish mid-term meeting note
    - Attend Gleev/YPP call
    - Community moderation/support
    
    **Today**
    
    - Publish the mid-term meeting video
    - Publish Midterm meeting note
    - Schedule a fireside chat on discord with a new creator in the DAO, for 28th council term
    - Reminder on Council handover meeting
    - Review Joystream Blockchain to update JOY EMA30 price for 28th term budgeting
    - Community moderation and support
    
    **@mrbovo.eth**
    
    **Yesterday**
    
    :
    
    - Nara call
    - Rebase PR on argus uptime **@klaudiusz.eth**
    - Validator handbook page
    - Kibana dashboard with cache miss ratio (+ lots of discussion about it with **@klaudiusz.eth** )
    - DWGL support
    
    **Today**
    
    :
    
    - Discussion about council budget with **@tomato**
    - Grab tasks about Argus/Colossus
    - Possibly start to set up testing env for Sygma so at least we have that done in the meantime
    
    **@klaudiusz.eth**
    
    **Done yesterday:**
    
    - Nara call
    - Work on Nara QA, set up two servers with services pointed at testnet
    - Work on Nara release checklist
    - Replied to CWG request
    - Supported DWGL with monitoring efforts
    - Minor work with storage squid
    
    **Planned today:**
    
    - Proceed with Nara QA and checklist
    - Look into degraded status anomalies from ping tool
    
    **@songoku**
    
    - Forum moderation and monitoring
    
    **@YYAGI**
    
    - Continuously working on onboarding new workers, migration and documentation
    - Have a chat with morkter about the syncing and replication between the servers
    - Test the new tool for the missing object and maybe compile the list of missing objects
    - Participate in several discussion in the down
    
    **@attemka**
    
    - Working on MVP of the wallet connect (this will allow us to connect multiple wallets and to reduce the number of issues reelected to wallet connetion)
    
    **@IgreX**
    
    - YPP verification is carried out only by Prontera.
    - The curator from JSGenesis is no longer on the team, but asks to be accepted into the group of curators
    - The group of curators is going to reduce costs and is faced with the choice of reducing staff. The decision will be made before the start of the next term.
    
    **@H.Hazashi**
    
    - Review and discussions on some hot topics .
    
    **@tomato**
    
    - Increase in the number of sign ups
    - Start a review of WGs
    - Try to get the updated roadmap on the website ASAP
- Fri, 26 Jan
    
    ##