# Sync 23.06

Created: June 24, 2022 8:07 AM
Last Edited Time: June 28, 2022 2:34 PM
Type: Sync with Martin
Created By: isonar
Participants: Martin

# Goals

- 

# Discussion Items

1. Regular meetings is important
2. Builders Reporting quality
3. Project 56 not enough tasks. Also: backend tasks? Also: Story Points
4. Project 55 is mostly about bugfixes. Not the most exciting type of work.
5. Cutoff of the cashouts reduce flexibility.
6. No volunteer for Deputy.
7. 20M tokens are owed by Council (at 300k/hour rate)

- Martin seems to be overall happy with the reporting quality
- Idea of paying workers directly is nice, but most probably it’s not going to fly.
- 

Action Items

- [x]  isonar: There is a new P56 task https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/issues/781
- [ ]  @Martin  relay my request to have more “interesting tasks” in P55 to Dmitry
- [ ]  @Martin Assign Story Points to P56 tasks
- [ ]  @Martin Remove GENERAL_DEVELOPMENT_SCORE from Term 13 objectives